
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.106031                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                106030641708                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               632217626472                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 215288                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   269074                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1295622                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67744524                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 81837.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17618677066                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22020389444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      3556096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2236928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      4176640                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      3566208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4181760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1463040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2243840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3569536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1052800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1466752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4172800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1053312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3565312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      4184064                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1054848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42678400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           81152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10716160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10716160                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        27782                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        32630                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        27861                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        32670                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        11430                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        17530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        27887                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        11459                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        27854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                333425                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           83720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                83720                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data      9934034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33538380                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43459                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21096996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     39390877                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     33633749                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39439165                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13798275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42252                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21162184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33665136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9929205                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13833284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47081                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39354661                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9934034                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33625299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     39460895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data      9948520                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               402510060                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        47081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        47081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        43459                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        51910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        48288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        53117                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42252                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        49495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47081                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        48288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        45874                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        49495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             765364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         101066633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              101066633                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         101066633                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        47081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data      9934034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        47081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33538380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        43459                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21096996                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        51910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     39390877                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        48288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     33633749                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39439165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        53117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13798275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42252                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21162184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33665136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9929205                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        49495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13833284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47081                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39354661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        48288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9934034                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        45874                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33625299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        49495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     39460895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data      9948520                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              503576694                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22060356                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18366683                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002011                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8465961                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8081095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2374003                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93113                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191892973                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120995150                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22060356                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10455098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25227362                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5574320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     17484464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           92                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11914192                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1913442                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    238163711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      212936349     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1547451      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1952952      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3094208      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1308093      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1685231      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1949884      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         894420      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12795123      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    238163711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.086760                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.475853                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190767773                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     18723506                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25107001                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11828                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3553601                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3358740                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          544                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147912458                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2612                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3553601                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190962047                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        618141                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     17564188                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24924524                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       541206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146996522                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        77460                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       377764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205286928                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683603002                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683603002                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33400394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35605                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18557                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1904778                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13769081                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7200428                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1634886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143516219                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137729127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127629                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17333540                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35247018                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238163711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179802130     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26614578     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10890069      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6097904      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8264994      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541385      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2500463      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346484      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105704      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238163711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938791     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129492     10.87%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122808     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116030144     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883377      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12619855      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7178704      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137729127                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.541665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191091                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514940684                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160886159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134143811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138920218                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102321                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2597147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           32                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          666                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101092                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3553601                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        469905                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59408                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143551964                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13769081                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7200428                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18558                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52011                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          666                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126380                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2309631                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135328467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12415607                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2400659                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19593635                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19141488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7178028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.532223                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134144262                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134143811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80387473                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215925429                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.527564                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20329234                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2019156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234610110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343996                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182457452     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26431845     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9592157      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4782002      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375889      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835313      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818254      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866089      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451109      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234610110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2451109                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          375710838                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290658717                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2908214                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16106414                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.542701                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.542701                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.393283                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.393283                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608915094                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187443884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136792696                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17870196                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14613438                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1746096                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7575001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7069200                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1839395                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77838                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173521694                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            101331626                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17870196                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      8908595                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21249334                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5059175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8063183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10669769                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1757322                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    206108577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600794                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944786                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      184859243     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1154563      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1823082      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        2888513      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1208515      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1359099      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1428481      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         934523      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10452558      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    206108577                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398520                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      171884572                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      9713387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21183359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        53347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3273910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      2930397                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          432                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    123750806                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2782                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3273910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      172138945                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       1996593                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      6953946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        20986707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       758474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    123667496                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        34739                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       212454                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       275392                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        58301                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    171662006                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    575275775                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    575275775                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    146681766                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       24980163                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        32137                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17951                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2230904                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     11799387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      6340631                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191512                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1438034                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        123494101                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32231                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       116964385                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148369                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15505192                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34444452                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3629                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206108577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260437                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156745632     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19837415      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10841752      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7376713      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6891430      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1991770      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1537151      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       527861      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       358853      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206108577                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27217     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82455     38.28%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105739     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     97979647     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1846206      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14182      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10817879      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6306471      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    116964385                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.460001                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215411                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    440401127                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139032822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115095402                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    117179796                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       356292                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          363                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1326                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7283                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3273910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1232252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107189                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123526470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11799387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6340631                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17944                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79611                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1326                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1020723                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       995694                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2016417                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115310175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10176874                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1654210                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 138                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           16481749                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16234730                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          6304875                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453495                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            115096252                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           115095402                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        67296967                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       175765572                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452650                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382879                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86160394                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    105610758                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17916179                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28601                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1783505                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    202834667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372739                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    159963664     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20758916     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8081944      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4359878      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3260844      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1820339      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1122490      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004427      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2462165      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    202834667                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     86160394                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    105610758                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             15835686                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             9681281                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             14270                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15160063                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        95163132                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2145478                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2462165                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          323898867                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         250328055                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2810904                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              48161548                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          86160394                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           105610758                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     86160394                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.951125                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.951125                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338854                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338854                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      520011948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     159530845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     115433373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        28574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       18675665                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15317691                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831264                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7858649                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7300717                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1918993                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82671                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178412197                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            106101019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          18675665                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9219710                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23347423                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5190814                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     16775790                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        10990990                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1820166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    221862804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584726                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      198515381     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2531653      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2933735      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1612737      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1845747      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1027513      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         697426      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1802465      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10896147      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    221862804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417277                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      176958026                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     18257374                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23152018                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       185098                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3310286                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3028323                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17110                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    129518645                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        84883                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3310286                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      177241757                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6248742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     11215415                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23060856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       785746                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    129438409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       200850                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       362735                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    179904789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    602606967                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    602606967                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    153780746                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26124043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19244                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2110139                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12367615                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6729808                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176565                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1491876                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        129231095                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       122216107                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172500                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16010939                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36881436                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221862804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550863                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170353652     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20725788      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11137866      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7701227      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6727191      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3439733      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838737      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       537825      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400785      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221862804                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32573     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111515     42.49%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118376     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102302649     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1908225      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14976      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11308252      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6682005      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    122216107                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.480655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262464                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002148                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466729982                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145277512                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120179798                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    122478571                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       308505                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2177813                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          709                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       136832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7487                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3842                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3310286                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5816086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136394                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129265545                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12367615                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6729808                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96193                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023863                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2088261                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120408926                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10621396                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807181                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17301924                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       16853287                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6680528                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.473547                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            120181865                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           120179798                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        71436780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       187031620                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.472646                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381950                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90304485                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    110792774                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18474131                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1841757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218552518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323294                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173285909     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20992909      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8795538      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5290231      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3657726      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2366310      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224484      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986550      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1952861      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218552518                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     90304485                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    110792774                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             16782778                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10189802                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15070                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15856374                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        99884131                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2254105                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      1952861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          345865951                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         261844162                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2732941                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              32407321                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          90304485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           110792774                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     90304485                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.815698                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.815698                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355152                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355152                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      543169068                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     166808238                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     120888129                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30178                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       17162408                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15485811                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       905344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7512206                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6150147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948084                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182336150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            107852877                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          17162408                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      7098231                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            21342836                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       2838949                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     24976190                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        10464593                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       909232                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    230566023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548795                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848941                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      209223187     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         762221      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1555441      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         669649      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        3545972      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        3164366      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         620367      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1275162      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        9749658      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    230566023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.067497                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.424167                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      180510990                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     26812597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        21263877                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        68194                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      1910360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      1506620                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    126473564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2707                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      1910360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      180746925                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles      24869341                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1124392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        21122505                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       792495                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    126403323                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents         3197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       397981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       258721                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents        18079                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    148398063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    595302703                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    595302703                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    131620210                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       16777847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        14679                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7418                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1815199                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     29838245                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores     15091996                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       137994                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       728363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        126158625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14722                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       121317850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71990                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9715852                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23174976                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230566023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186979701     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13327745      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10767384      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4645138      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5803240      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5508052      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3130841      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249719      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154203      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230566023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305134     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2331998     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68216      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76106143     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1057282      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7260      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29095710     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15051455     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    121317850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.477122                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2705348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475979061                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135892346                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120279398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    124023198                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1166656                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          498                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10685                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           64                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      1910360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles      24266565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       229367                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126173428                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29838245                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15091996                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7418                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       142263                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          154                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       531855                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       528926                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      1060781                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120472089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28998360                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       845761                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           44048070                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       15785383                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores         15049710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.473796                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            120282535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           120279398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        64973980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       128225591                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473038                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.506716                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97695878                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    114808405                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11378270                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14630                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       925281                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228655663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186858118     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15378681      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7170383      3.14%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7046634      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1946644      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8068615      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       612623      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448053      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1125912      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228655663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     97695878                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    114808405                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             43662908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            28671586                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              7304                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         15160922                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       102092232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      1111968                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      1125912                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          353716140                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         254283905                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3921065                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              23704102                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          97695878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           114808405                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     97695878                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.602670                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.602670                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.384221                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.384221                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      595585882                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     139683845                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     150601982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        14608                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       17911366                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14646602                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1748681                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7585625                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7085831                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1844171                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77917                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173910630                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            101559422                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          17911366                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      8930002                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            21296402                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5067495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      7978079                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        10692269                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759926                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    206465089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      185168687     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1156204      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1826730      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2895332      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1212541      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1362632      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1431249      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         936074      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10475640      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    206465089                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.070442                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.399415                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      172275080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      9626846                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        21230061                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        53587                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3279513                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      2937542                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          441                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    124025868                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2825                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3279513                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      172529191                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2037713                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      6829993                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        21033854                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       754823                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    123943177                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents        28065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       212904                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       275174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents        54175                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    172046126                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    576561086                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    576561086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    147028028                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25018095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        32218                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18001                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2231998                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     11824270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6355132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       192119                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1439547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        123770505                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32314                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       117236363                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148588                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15524136                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34476752                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3643                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206465089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260755                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156987860     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19882645      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10868828      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7392082      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6907438      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1996417      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1540491      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       529591      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359737      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206465089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27256     12.64%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82473     38.26%     50.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105823     49.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98205660     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1850801      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14216      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10844350      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6321336      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    117236363                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.461070                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215552                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441301955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139328256                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115362736                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    117451915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357823                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          347                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1331                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186239                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7303                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           33                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3279513                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1272835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107062                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123802943                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47715                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11824270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6355132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17992                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1331                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022817                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       996415                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2019232                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115577307                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10200150                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1659056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 124                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           16519862                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       16273381                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6319712                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.454545                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            115363568                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           115362736                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        67452454                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       176169473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.453701                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.382884                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86363695                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    105859908                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17943554                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28671                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1786201                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203185576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521001                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373072                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160211328     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20808897     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8103723      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4368347      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3269463      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1824629      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1125059      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005867      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2468263      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203185576                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     86363695                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    105859908                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             15872942                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             9704049                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             14304                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         15195798                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        95387639                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2150526                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2468263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          324520203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         250886642                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2817574                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              47805036                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          86363695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           105859908                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     86363695                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.944178                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.944178                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.339653                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.339653                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      521220691                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     159903147                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     115694354                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        28646                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       17202352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15523136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       900386                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6494360                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6153932                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         947785                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39835                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182504169                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            108103268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          17202352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      7101717                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            21385981                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       2841902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     25190735                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        10469069                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       904422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231001975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549066                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      209615994     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         761351      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1560388      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         672057      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        3552376      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3161393      1.37%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         613351      0.27%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1280088      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        9784977      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231001975                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067654                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425151                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      180606387                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     27101925                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        21306890                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        68381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      1918387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1509345                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    126775976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2711                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      1918387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      180848570                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      25183931                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1094689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        21162132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       794261                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    126705090                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       405710                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       263125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6820                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    148724255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    596711255                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    596711255                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    131895619                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       16828628                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        14705                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7427                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1844945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     29897196                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     15123698                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138834                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       731152                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        126458449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14746                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       121546635                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        75857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9814809                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23578155                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231001975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316816                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187352598     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13329024      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10782674      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4654925      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5826089      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5515854      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3136153      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       250320      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154338      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231001975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305483     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2335105     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68207      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76241455     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1061416      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7276      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29156675     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15079813     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    121546635                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.478022                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2708795                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022286                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476879897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136291146                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120503365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    124255430                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217874                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1167788                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          471                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3148                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102047                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10710                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          162                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      1918387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      24573925                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126473290                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29897196                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15123698                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7426                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       147744                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           90                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3148                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       525844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       530507                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1056351                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120702073                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29055179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       844562                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           44133510                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       15812629                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         15078331                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474700                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            120506630                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           120503365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        65088195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       128482792                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473919                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506591                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97898034                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    115046335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11440710                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       920125                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229083588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187203656     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15408806      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7180363      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7062689      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1953871      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8081401      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613511      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       449147      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1130144      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229083588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97898034                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    115046335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             43751055                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            28729404                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              7320                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         15192432                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       102303913                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1114360                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1130144                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354440203                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         254892665                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3916438                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              23268150                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97898034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           115046335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97898034                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.597296                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.597296                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.385016                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.385016                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      596689651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     139930765                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     150929492                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        14640                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19642827                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16073234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1917897                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8085277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7727095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2029953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87448                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189135704                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109887403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19642827                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9757048                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            22933365                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5241560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     10311925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          686                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11570966                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1919465                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    225680417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      202747052     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1070216      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1700309      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2298834      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2363232      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1999899      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1120019      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1663983      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10716873      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    225680417                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077252                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.432168                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      187188682                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     12276412                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        22890848                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        26128                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3298346                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3232525                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          368                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    134817884                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1966                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3298346                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      187704169                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1684958                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      9400570                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        22407501                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1184870                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    134767202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       175489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       508535                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    188067405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    626971448                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    626971448                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    163040444                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25026923                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        33370                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17341                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         3520741                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12603171                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6837271                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80440                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1683817                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        134599369                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33487                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       127820755                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14880118                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35641696                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1168                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225680417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566379                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258986                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171547560     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22301829      9.88%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11275348      5.00%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8484256      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6668798      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2698021      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1700654      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885367      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118584      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225680417                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24460     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77814     36.69%     48.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       109818     51.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107500411     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909800      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16025      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11578888      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6815631      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    127820755                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.502697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    481551660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149513494                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    125904505                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    128032847                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       259439                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2011473                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          522                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99114                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3298346                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1395704                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116589                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134632993                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12603171                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6837271                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17345                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98409                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          522                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1116386                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1078080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2194466                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126058071                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10895389                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           17710748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17911488                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6815359                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.495764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            125904737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           125904505                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        72272447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194743123                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495160                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95041543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116947689                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17685305                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32319                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1942124                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222382071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525886                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372352                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174363716     78.41%     78.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23819173     10.71%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8981613      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4283191      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3632216      1.63%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2073763      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1795101      0.81%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       818952      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2614346      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222382071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95041543                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116947689                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17329851                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10591694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             16124                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16863975                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105368541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2408213                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2614346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          354400069                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         272564403                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2865602                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              28589708                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95041543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116947689                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95041543                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.675358                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.675358                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373782                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373782                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      567360651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     175388241                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     124996816                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        32290                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 47                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              254269377                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       18681281                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15321108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1831837                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7838583                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7305861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1919078                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        82540                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178495595                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            106145800                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          18681281                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9224939                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23358574                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5190989                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     16641730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        10996640                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1821248                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    221822714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585083                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      198464140     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2532899      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2935878      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1613929      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1846955      0.83%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1025937      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         699525      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1803970      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10899481      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    221822714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073470                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.417454                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      177039072                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18125599                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23163335                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       184998                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3309708                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3030526                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17108                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    129575690                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        84581                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3309708                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      177322212                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6196230                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     11135732                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23072571                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       786259                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    129495389                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       201765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       362806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    179972331                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    602882286                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    602882286                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    153844041                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       26128230                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34178                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19178                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2104140                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12370996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6733812                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       176640                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1489181                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        129287408                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34255                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       122268068                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       172238                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16019921                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36915087                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4037                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221822714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    170289959     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20739828      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11139127      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7701313      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6732166      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3443681      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       838020      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       538102      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400518      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221822714                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32482     12.38%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.38% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       111467     42.49%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       118371     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    102346989     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1909007      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14982      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11311119      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6685971      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    122268068                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.480860                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            262320                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    466793408                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    145342736                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120232182                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    122530388                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       307065                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2176949                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          758                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1153                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       138080                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7490                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4035                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3309708                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5760814                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136740                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129321779                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62883                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12370996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6733812                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19162                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95992                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1153                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1064961                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024509                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2089470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120460720                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10622526                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1807348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 116                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           17307029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       16859914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6684503                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473752                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            120234127                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           120232182                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        71462698                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       187126835                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.472854                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381894                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     90341669                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    110838463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18484439                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30218                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1842315                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218513006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507240                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    173228750     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21000286      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8800362      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5291252      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3659131      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2367525      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1224993      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       986066      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1954641      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218513006                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     90341669                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    110838463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             16789745                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10194033                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15076                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         15862939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        99925334                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2255049                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1954641                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          345880656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         261955657                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2734859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              32446663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          90341669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           110838463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     90341669                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.814530                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.814530                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355299                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355299                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      543395653                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     166874401                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     120937530                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17898376                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14636548                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1748729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7594104                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7082725                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842007                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173821264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            101492726                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17898376                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      8924732                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21284993                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5065499                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      7966942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10687622                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1760027                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    206351211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945120                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      185066218     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1157031      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1826083      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2893900      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1212794      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1361866      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1428495      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         934600      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10470224      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    206351211                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070391                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.399153                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      172189180                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      9612103                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21219007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        53368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3277551                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      2934817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    123949156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2824                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3277551                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      172442537                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1991757                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      6864265                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21023373                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       751726                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    123865878                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        32334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       212832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       274691                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        52501                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    171940123                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    576202235                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    576202235                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    146936650                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25003463                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        32117                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17908                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2226384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     11818494                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      6351550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191848                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1436930                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        123691809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       117164421                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15515784                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34437836                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3554                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206351211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260713                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156902865     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19873335      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10861933      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7384883      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6903864      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1996471      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539578      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528964      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359318      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206351211                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27284     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82256     38.20%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105800     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98146936     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849429      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14207      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10836555      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6317294      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    117164421                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460787                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441043529                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139241093                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115291955                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    117379761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2120468                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          356                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1320                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7289                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           83                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3277551                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1251874                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123724149                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48369                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11818494                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6351550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17898                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1320                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1023784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       996388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2020172                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115506043                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10193871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1658373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           16509577                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16263071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          6315706                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.454265                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            115292801                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           115291955                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        67411652                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       176072946                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.453423                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382862                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86310072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    105794102                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17930577                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28653                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1786158                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203073660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160128203     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20794731     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8098112      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4364484      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3267838      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1823310      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1124546      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1004971      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2467465      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203073660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     86310072                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    105794102                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             15863085                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             9698022                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             14296                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15186334                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        95328344                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2149182                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2467465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          324330302                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         250727111                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2816105                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              47918914                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          86310072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           105794102                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     86310072                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.946008                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.946008                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339442                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339442                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      520899055                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     159805851                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     115619221                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        28626                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22036358                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18346892                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000006                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8451283                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8073512                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2370984                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93026                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191704495                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            120867322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22036358                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10444496                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25201452                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5568040                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     17715828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6248                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11902277                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911271                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    238177997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.985999                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      212976545     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1546048      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1952533      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3091266      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1306674      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1682587      0.71%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1947305      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         891735      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12783304      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    238177997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190581745                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     18953969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25081165                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3549345                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3354856                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          545                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    147752898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2620                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3549345                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190775625                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        617640                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     17796263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24899092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       540028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146838652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        77041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       377143                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    205066234                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    682872885                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    682872885                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171708629                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33357605                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35604                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18574                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1899193                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13754182                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7193013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81122                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632698                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143364278                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35736                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137582595                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127813                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17311452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35208384                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1381                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238177997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301745                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179877880     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26588351     11.16%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10875507      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6093589      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8255884      3.47%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538563      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2497147      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1345378      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105698      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238177997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938918     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129234     10.85%     89.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122696     10.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115907952     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1881498      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17029      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12605092      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7171024      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137582595                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541088                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514661848                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160712129                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134003350                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    138773443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101892                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2593800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          665                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101023                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549345                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        469634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59612                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143400023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112422                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13754182                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7193013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18575                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          665                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183281                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125207                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2308488                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135184535                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12400344                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19570821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19121777                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7170477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531657                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            134003728                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           134003350                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80303525                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       215705011                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527012                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372284                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99896506                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123095797                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20304768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34355                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2017130                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234628652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524641                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182530074     77.80%     77.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26404414     11.25%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9582658      4.08%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775711      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4372159      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1833432      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1816706      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865082      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2448416      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234628652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99896506                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123095797                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18252372                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11160382                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17138                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17842449                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110826294                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2541903                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2448416                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375580099                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290350495                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2905916                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16092128                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99896506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123095797                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99896506                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.545336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.545336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392876                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392876                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608271326                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     187248259                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136648153                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34326                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 51                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19668223                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16092124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1921535                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8050472                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7733147                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033115                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189457140                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            110034309                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19668223                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9766262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22957657                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5249293                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     10229005                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           27                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11590297                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1922949                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    225948717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      202991060     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1066475      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1696452      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2302567      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2368067      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2003450      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1120600      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1672074      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10727972      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    225948717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077352                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      187507734                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     12197371                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22915100                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        26124                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3302387                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3238282                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    135002839                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1976                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3302387                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      188018410                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1674558                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      9330100                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22436331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1186928                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    134956605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          175                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       176619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       509083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    188331920                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    627836091                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    627836091                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    163308053                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25023867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        33446                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17392                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3524061                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12619797                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6848622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80599                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675285                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        134803905                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        33563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       128027756                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17633                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     14874757                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35624918                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1186                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    225948717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    171738644     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22323454      9.88%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11290554      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8502620      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6683556      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2701079      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1704500      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       885765      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       118545      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    225948717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24475     11.52%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        77911     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       110057     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    107676366     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1912899      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16051      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11595376      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6827064      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    128027756                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503511                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            212443                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482234305                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149712758                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    126112854                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    128240199                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       260994                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2010532                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          536                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99275                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3302387                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1384466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    134837607                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12619797                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6848622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17395                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98558                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          536                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1119123                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1079511                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2198634                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    126264918                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10912642                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1762838                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 139                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           17739437                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       17941872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6826795                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496578                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            126113055                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           126112854                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        72383993                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       195043953                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495980                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371116                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95197798                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    117140020                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17697608                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32377                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1945806                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    222646330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526126                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    174558320     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23849068     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8997938      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4290160      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3632888      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2076070      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1801027      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       820340      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2620519      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    222646330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     95197798                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    117140020                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17358612                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10609265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         16891725                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       105541792                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2412165                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2620519                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          354862776                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         272977702                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2870912                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              28321408                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          95197798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           117140020                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     95197798                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670966                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670966                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374396                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374396                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      568286976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     175672280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     125169884                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        32348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17147119                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15473350                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       904597                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7445269                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6151341                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         946376                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40203                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182170298                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            107745120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17147119                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7097717                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21324653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       2838129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     24976414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10454774                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       908487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    230382258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548723                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848846                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      209057605     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         761625      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1558591      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         667433      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3544147      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3157336      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         619822      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1272917      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        9742782      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    230382258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067437                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423743                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      180331899                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     26825957                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21246297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        67677                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      1910423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1503956                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    126356735                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      1910423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      180568329                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      24896721                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1117182                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21104749                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       784849                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    126285610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          524                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       396677                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       258540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12864                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    148251549                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    594745219                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    594745219                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    131496562                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       16754867                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        14661                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7406                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1811468                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     29809969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     15079943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138228                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       728908                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        126044599                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14702                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       121207546                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        74614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9718579                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23181707                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230382258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526115                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316680                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    186836557     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13317762      5.78%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10752784      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4641250      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5799065      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5502736      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3128331      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249644      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154129      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230382258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        304667     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2330489     86.21%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68054      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76036750     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1056524      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7254      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29070976     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15036042     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    121207546                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476688                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2703210                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    475575174                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    135781020                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120165662                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    123910756                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       218381                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1167375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          509                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3146                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10684                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      1910423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      24289061                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       231283                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126059382                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1315                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29809969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15079943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7404                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       143735                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          165                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3146                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       533502                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       527652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1061154                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120360659                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     28970920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       846887                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  81                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           44005297                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       15769086                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         15034377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473357                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            120168875                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           120165662                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        64906784                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       128097795                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472591                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506697                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97602018                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    114698478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11374273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14618                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       924515                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228471835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186714023     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15365362      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7161454      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7038900      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1946502      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8061413      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       612759      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       447495      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1123927      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228471835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     97602018                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    114698478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             43618850                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            28642581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7298                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15146507                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       101994575                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1110993                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1123927                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          353420373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         254056209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3918072                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              23887867                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          97602018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           114698478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     97602018                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.605173                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.605173                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383852                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383852                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      595024998                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     139550691                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     150450158                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22051399                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18359115                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001013                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8477352                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8080258                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2372774                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93111                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191816756                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            120937583                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22051399                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10453032                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25216467                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5570882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     17553164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4675                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11909458                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912694                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    238142880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624170                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986595                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      212926413     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1547541      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1952160      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3092106      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1308874      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1685403      0.71%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1949334      0.82%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         893496      0.38%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12787553      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    238142880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475626                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      190693854                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     18789600                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25096411                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        11835                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3551178                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3357534                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          547                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    147841795                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2272                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3551178                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      190887379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        617806                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     17631612                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24914820                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       540081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    146932267                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        77564                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       376489                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    205199978                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    683302466                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    683302466                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    171821636                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       33378315                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        35596                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18555                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1899186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13760547                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7197795                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143449377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35725                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       137675250                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127356                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17312959                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35184984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238142880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179802079     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26609455     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10884057      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6093789      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8261561      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2539960      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499417      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1346728      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105834      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238142880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938065     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129163     10.85%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122760     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    115983221     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1882516      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17040      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12616533      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7175940      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    137675250                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541453                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1189988                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008643                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    514810723                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160798727                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134088853                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    138865238                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102664                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2592826                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          668                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101148                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3551178                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        470254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143485110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113374                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13760547                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7197795                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18556                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51655                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          668                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182948                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125806                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2308754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135272002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12410477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403247                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19585800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19134303                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7175323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.532001                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            134089268                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           134088853                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        80350995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       215826695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527348                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99962213                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    123176792                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20308878                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34375                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2018138                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234591702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525069                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182458746     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26421228     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9590514      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4778835      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374429      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1834266      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817363      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865761      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2450560      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234591702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99962213                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    123176792                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18264368                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11167721                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17148                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17854179                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110899224                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2543577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2450560                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375626110                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         290522561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2906938                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16127245                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99962213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           123176792                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99962213                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.543662                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.543662                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393134                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393134                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      608665396                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     187369668                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     136729739                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        34346                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 44                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17899359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14637535                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1748085                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7589223                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7081247                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1842519                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        77754                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    173837245                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            101504559                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17899359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      8923766                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            21286269                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5063853                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7994233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        10687544                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1759418                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    206394549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945068                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      185108280     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1156606      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1825683      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2895005      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1211911      0.59%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1359826      0.66%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1430436      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         935577      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       10471225      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    206394549                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070395                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399200                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      172201081                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9643366                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        21220396                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        53362                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3276342                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      2934891                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          437                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    123964305                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3276342                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      172455252                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1984621                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6893248                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        21024114                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       760970                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    123880730                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        39771                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       212833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       275660                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60700                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    171967137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    576270139                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    576270139                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    146973140                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       24993997                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        32183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17967                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2231049                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     11818560                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6353153                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       191729                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1440046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        123706207                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32278                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       117182628                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       148644                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15505038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     34422785                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3616                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    206394549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567760                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    156936378     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     19873996      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10866669      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7393147      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6901738      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1994733      0.97%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1539657      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       528554      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       359677      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    206394549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27236     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82699     38.32%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       105859     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     98161232     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1849909      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14211      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     10838416      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6318860      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    117182628                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.460859                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            215794                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001842                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    441124243                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139244817                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    115310470                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    117398422                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       357166                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2118121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          344                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1324                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       186525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7297                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          364                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3276342                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1224285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       107180                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    123738626                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        48909                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     11818560                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6353153                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17960                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        79547                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1324                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1022478                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       996068                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2018546                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    115525003                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10196274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1657625                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           16513570                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       16265961                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6317296                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            115311275                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           115310470                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        67422638                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       176084765                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453496                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382899                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     86331562                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    105820448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     17918673                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        28662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1785577                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    203118207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520980                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    160162116     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     20799373     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8100073      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4366397      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3268414      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1823187      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1125268      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006493      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2466886      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    203118207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     86331562                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    105820448                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             15867067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             9700439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             14300                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         15190084                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        95352133                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2149727                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2466886                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          324389870                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         250754782                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2815130                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              47875576                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          86331562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           105820448                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     86331562                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.945274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.945274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339527                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339527                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      520979715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     159835857                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     115634056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        28636                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 22                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              254270123                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17178440                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15501024                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       899375                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6456418                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6139936                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         948856                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        39808                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182266657                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            107962243                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17178440                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      7088792                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21354250                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       2836492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     25398664                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           52                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10455807                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       903326                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    230934174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548439                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      209579924     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         761890      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1551207      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         668638      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        3549432      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3165382      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         611981      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1279209      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        9766511      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    230934174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.067560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.424597                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      180371219                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     27305505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21275607                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        67766                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      1914072                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1507792                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          478                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    126593041                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2722                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      1914072                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      180611950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles      25360046                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      1119436                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21131437                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       797228                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126525085                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         5478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       404925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       262415                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11594                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    148541320                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    595888253                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    595888253                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    131709555                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       16831765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        14690                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7421                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1840102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     29851610                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores     15095473                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       138066                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       732641                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126276832                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        14733                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       121354335                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69307                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9798529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23567995                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           91                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    230934174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525493                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316089                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    187354606     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13307045      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10760988      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4655066      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5815018      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5506956      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3130757      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       249182      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       154556      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    230934174                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        305546     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2331777     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        68220      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     76126494     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1059947      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7266      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29101476     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15059152     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    121354335                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.477265                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2705543                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022295                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    476417694                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    136093199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    120319813                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    124059878                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       217374                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1161968                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          471                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3111                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        94630                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10695                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          160                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      1914072                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles      24751400                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       238256                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126291649                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         2030                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     29851610                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15095473                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7423                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       146833                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           91                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3111                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       523843                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       531196                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1055039                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    120510187                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29007335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       844148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           44064994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15791924                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores         15057659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.473946                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            120323003                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           120319813                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        64999330                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       128334980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.473197                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.506482                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97760723                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    114884843                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11420506                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14642                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       919073                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229020102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501637                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320248                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187199661     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15390786      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7167386      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7050316      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1951406      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8068575      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       613811      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       448316      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1129845      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229020102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     97760723                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    114884843                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             43690485                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            28689642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7310                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15171061                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       102160289                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1112766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      1129845                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          354195320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         254524945                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3912173                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              23335949                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          97760723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           114884843                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     97760723                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.600944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.600944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.384476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.384476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      595763032                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     139723820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     150729807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        14620                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              254270125                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22077700                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18381995                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2002919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8496613                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8091587                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375499                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93280                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192084318                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            121095733                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22077700                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10467086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25247144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5570752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     17275283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4673                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           84                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11924286                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1914220                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    238161151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624838                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      212914007     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1548644      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1958175      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3098355      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1306955      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1686011      0.71%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1952753      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         892363      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12803888      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    238161151                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.086828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.476248                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      190957042                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     18516293                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25126796                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        11921                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3549097                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3360322                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    148009118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2642                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3549097                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      191151235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        617803                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     17357181                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24944621                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       541210                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    147093307                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        77926                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       377748                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    205440377                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    684057588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    684057588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    172076086                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       33364284                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35700                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18634                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1903131                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13760138                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7206464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81698                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1636003                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143606287                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35833                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       137851151                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17296777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35084873                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1406                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238161151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578815                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302779                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    179741467     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26648295     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10897514      4.58%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6103696      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8271412      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2541611      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2503110      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347991      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106055      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238161151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        940160     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127760     10.73%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122947     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116133617     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1885144      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17065      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12630837      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7184488      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    137851151                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.542145                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190867                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008639                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    515180661                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160939556                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134263904                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    139042018                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102733                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2575930                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           42                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          660                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99364                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           10                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549097                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        469982                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59301                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143642124                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       112880                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13760138                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18635                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          660                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185225                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125392                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2310617                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135448022                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12428094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2403129                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19611889                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19157901                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7183795                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.532693                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            134264392                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           134263904                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        80456419                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       216086986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.528036                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100110186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123359051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20283652                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34427                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2020079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234612054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525800                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344551                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    182400597     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26460042     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9603192      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4789411      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4381090      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1839789      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818005      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866367      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453561      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234612054                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100110186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123359051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18291308                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11184208                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17880597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       111063299                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2547330                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2453561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          375800494                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290834522                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2907968                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16108974                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100110186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123359051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100110186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.539903                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.539903                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.393716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.393716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      609479602                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     187616853                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     136909191                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        34398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         8268                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.217562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         214119                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        10312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        20.764061                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.153151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     6.695254                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1380.415606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         621.953551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.003269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.674031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.303688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        26942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 26944                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8409                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8409                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27148                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  27150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        27148                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 27150                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                8268                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 8268                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                8268                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6696803083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6798162366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6696803083                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     6798162366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101359283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   6696803083                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    6798162366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             35212                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8409                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8409                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              35418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             35418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234806                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233441                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233441                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 813805.211204                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 822225.733672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 813805.211204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 822225.733672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2598955.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 813805.211204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 822225.733672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4342                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            8268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           8268                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5974138263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6072073346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5974138263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6072073346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     97935083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   5974138263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6072073346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.233971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234806                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233441                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.232609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233441                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 725985.935472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734406.548863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 725985.935472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734406.548863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2511155.974359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 725985.935472                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 734406.548863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        27831                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.597568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         161139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        29879                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.393052                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.276673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.594941                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1639.827130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         391.898825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.800697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.191357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 34938                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                7248                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  35026                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        35025                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 35026                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27754                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               27793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                27822                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27783                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               27822                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56794863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25853015023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25909809886                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     25669918                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25669918                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56794863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25878684941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    25935479804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     56794863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  25878684941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   25935479804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             62731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            7248                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              62848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        62808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             62848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442711                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442348                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442348                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1456278.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 931505.909887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 932242.287123                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 885169.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885169.586207                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1456278.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 931457.543858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 932193.221336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1456278.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 931457.543858                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 932193.221336                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4140                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4140                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           27822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        27783                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          27822                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53369467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23415590097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23468959564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     23122816                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23122816                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53369467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23438712913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23492082380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     53369467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  23438712913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23492082380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443050                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442348                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442687                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442348                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442687                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1368447.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843683.436514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844419.802252                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 797338.482759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 797338.482759                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1368447.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843635.061476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844370.727482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1368447.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 843635.061476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 844370.727482                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17523                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.524114                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         225779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.536406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.829652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.930478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1628.134273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         383.629712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.794987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.187319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        32905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 32906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17927                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               17927                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33048                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33048                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33049                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17470                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17476                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17476                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17512                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58826423                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14746653934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14805480357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4690355                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4690355                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58826423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14751344289                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14810170712                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58826423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14751344289                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14810170712                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50375                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             50412                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17927                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           17927                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             149                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              50561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        50524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             50561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346799                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.040268                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345895                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346354                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345895                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346354                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1634067.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844112.989926                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845737.481835                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 781725.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 781725.833333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1634067.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844091.570668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845715.550023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1634067.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 844091.570668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845715.550023                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               9538                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    9538                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17476                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55665623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13212580741                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13268246364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4162556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4162556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55665623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13216743297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13272408920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55665623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13216743297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13272408920                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346799                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347259                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.040268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345895                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346354                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345895                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346354                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1546267.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756301.129994                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757925.646293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 693759.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 693759.333333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1546267.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756279.657645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757903.661489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1546267.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 756279.657645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757903.661489                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        32673                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.939753                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         200148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        34721                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                         5.764465                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.698670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.113741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1805.591752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         236.535590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.881637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.115496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 38572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12305                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               12305                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38599                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  38600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        38599                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 38600                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32592                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               32635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32630                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                32673                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32630                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               32673                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75998787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30859463412                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30935462199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     65951478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65951478                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75998787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30925414890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    31001413677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     75998787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  30925414890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   31001413677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             71207                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12305                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           12305                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              71273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        71229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             71273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458312                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458100                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458100                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1767413.651163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 946841.660898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 947922.849671                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1735565.210526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1735565.210526                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1767413.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947760.186638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948838.909099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1767413.651163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 947760.186638                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948838.909099                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5152                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5152                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32592                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           32673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        32630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          32673                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72221181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  27997308912                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28069530093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     62615078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62615078                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72221181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28059923990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28132145171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72221181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  28059923990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28132145171                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.457991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458312                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458100                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.458100                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1679562.348837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859023.960236                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860105.104734                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1647765.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1647765.210526                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1679562.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859942.506589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861021.184801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1679562.348837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 859942.506589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861021.184801                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        27911                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.597901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         161227                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        29959                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         5.381588                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.276643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.711408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1642.972090                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         388.637760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.802232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.189765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 35007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                7267                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  35095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        35094                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 35095                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               27872                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27861                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                27901                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27861                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               27901                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52358806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25593883696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25646242502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     18878069                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     18878069                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52358806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25612761765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    25665120571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52358806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  25612761765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   25665120571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             62879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            7267                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62955                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              62996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        62955                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             62996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442917                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443264                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442901                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442901                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1308970.150000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 919584.783558                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920143.602971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 650967.896552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 650967.896552                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1308970.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 919305.185205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 919863.824630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1308970.150000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 919305.185205                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 919863.824630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4151                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4151                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           27901                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27861                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          27901                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     48846181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23150039856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23198886037                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16331001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16331001                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     48846181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23166370857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23215217038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     48846181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23166370857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23215217038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442917                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443264                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442554                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.442554                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1221154.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831777.804542                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832336.611546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 563137.965517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 563137.965517                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1221154.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831498.182298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832056.809362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1221154.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 831498.182298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832056.809362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        32711                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.937489                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         200294                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        34759                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.762364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.728732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     2.068053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1806.053779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         236.086926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.001010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.881862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.115277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 38678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12344                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               12344                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  38708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        38707                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 38708                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32633                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               32674                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                32711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32670                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               32711                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79217409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  30817053873                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30896271282                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59013647                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     59013647                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79217409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  30876067520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    30955284929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79217409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  30876067520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   30955284929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71310                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             71352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12344                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           12344                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71377                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              71419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        71377                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             71419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.552239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.552239                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1932131.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944352.461404                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945591.947175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1594963.432432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1594963.432432                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1932131.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945089.302724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946326.462933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1932131.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 945089.302724                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946326.462933                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5162                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5162                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           32711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        32670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          32711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75617609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  27951540872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28027158481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     55765047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55765047                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75617609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28007305919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28082923528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75617609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  28007305919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28082923528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457622                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.552239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.552239                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1844331.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 856542.177305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857781.675981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1507163.432432                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1507163.432432                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1844331.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857279.030272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858516.203357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1844331.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857279.030272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858516.203357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        11478                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.451981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         191288                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        13526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        14.142245                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.930021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.596733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1508.918791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         506.006436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.736777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.247073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 27287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8775                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8775                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27431                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  27433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27431                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 27433                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11431                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               11475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                11475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11431                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               11475                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84047091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9521783071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9605830162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84047091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9521783071                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     9605830162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84047091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9521783071                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    9605830162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             38762                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8775                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              38908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        38862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             38908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295253                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.296037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294926                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294926                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1910161.159091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 832979.010673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 837109.382309                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1910161.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 832979.010673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 837109.382309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1910161.159091                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 832979.010673                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 837109.382309                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5023                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5023                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           11474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        11430                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          11474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80182780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8517360798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8597543578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80182780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8517360798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8597543578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     80182780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8517360798                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8597543578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.295227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.296012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294901                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.956522                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294901                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1822335.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 745175.922835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749306.569461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1822335.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 745175.922835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749306.569461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1822335.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 745175.922835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 749306.569461                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        17576                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.526530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         225824                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        19624                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        11.507542                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.874126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.871003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1628.231696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         383.549705                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016052                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.795035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.187280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        32929                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 32930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          17949                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               17949                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 141                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  33071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33070                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 33071                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17524                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               17559                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17531                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                17566                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17531                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               17566                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66328757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14777818308                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14844147065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      7046349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7046349                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66328757                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14784864657                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    14851193414                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66328757                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  14784864657                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   14851193414                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             50489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        17949                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           17949                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              50637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        50601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             50637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347779                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.047297                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346900                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346900                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1895107.342857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843290.248117                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 845386.813885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1006621.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1006621.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1895107.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843355.465005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 845451.065354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1895107.342857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 843355.465005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 845451.065354                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               9538                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    9538                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           17566                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17531                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          17566                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63255757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13239154161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13302409918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6431749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6431749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63255757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13245585910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13308841667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     63255757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13245585910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13308841667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.347333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347779                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047297                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346900                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.346456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346900                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1807307.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755486.998459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757583.570704                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 918821.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918821.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1807307.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755552.216645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757647.823466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1807307.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 755552.216645                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 757647.823466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        27935                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.598491                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         161223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        29983                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.377147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.486489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.617813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1642.081537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         390.412652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.801798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.190631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        34998                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 34999                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7271                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                7271                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  35087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        35086                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 35087                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               27896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                27925                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27887                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               27925                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47495278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25689010222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25736505500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25428965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25428965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47495278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25714439187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    25761934465                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47495278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  25714439187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   25761934465                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             62895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7271                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            7271                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              63012                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        62973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             63012                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.443204                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443533                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1249875.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922141.224137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 922587.664898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 876860.862069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876860.862069                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1249875.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922094.136587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 922540.177798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1249875.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922094.136587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 922540.177798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4152                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4152                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           27925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        27887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          27925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44158878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23242681163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23286840041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22882749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22882749                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44158878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23265563912                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23309722790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     44158878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  23265563912                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23309722790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.443204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443533                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442841                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442841                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1162075.736842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834326.985534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834773.445691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 789060.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 789060.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1162075.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834279.912217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834725.972784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1162075.736842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 834279.912217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834725.972784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8264                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.222103                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         214049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.765328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.157621                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     6.704709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1380.118163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         622.241609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.003274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.673886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.303829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        26883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 26885                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8398                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 206                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27089                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27091                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27089                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27091                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8264                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8264                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6820748347                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6927959673                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6820748347                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     6927959673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107211326                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6820748347                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    6927959673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35108                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8398                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             206                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              35355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             35355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234277                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233743                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233743                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829270.315745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 838330.066917                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829270.315745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 838330.066917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2749008.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829270.315745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 838330.066917                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4340                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4340                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6097990686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6201768812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6097990686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6201768812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103778126                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6097990686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6201768812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234277                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235113                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233743                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233743                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741397.043891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750456.051791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741397.043891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750456.051791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2660977.589744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 741397.043891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 750456.051791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        11502                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.476528                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         191393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        13549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        14.125987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.956377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.251070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1509.249669                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         506.019411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.736938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.247080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 27370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                8796                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 143                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  27513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        27511                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 27513                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               11501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                11501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11460                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               11501                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9323215679                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9405555172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9323215679                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     9405555172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82339493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9323215679                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    9405555172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38828                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             38871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            8796                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             143                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              39014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        38971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             39014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295876                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294792                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294792                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813544.125567                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817803.249457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813544.125567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817803.249457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2008280.317073                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813544.125567                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817803.249457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5034                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5034                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           11500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        11459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          11500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8315443319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8394183012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8315443319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8394183012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78739693                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   8315443319                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8394183012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294039                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294766                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294039                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294766                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725669.196178                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729928.957565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725669.196178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729928.957565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1920480.317073                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725669.196178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729928.957565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        32639                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.938849                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         200097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        34687                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.768645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.695536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.954095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1806.648426                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         235.640791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.882153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.115059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38525                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 38526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12300                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               12300                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38553                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  38554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38553                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 38554                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               32601                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                32639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               32639                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73101560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30921090554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30994192114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     64561176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     64561176                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73101560                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30985651730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    31058753290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73101560                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  30985651730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   31058753290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71087                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             71127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12300                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           12300                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              71193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        71153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             71193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458349                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458168                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458458                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458168                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458458                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874398.974359                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 949606.613660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950712.926413                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1698978.315789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1698978.315789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874398.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950480.114417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951584.095407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1874398.974359                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950480.114417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951584.095407                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5149                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5149                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           32639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        32600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          32639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69675178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28061417971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28131093149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     61224176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224176                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69675178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28122642147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28192317325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69675178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28122642147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28192317325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458058                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458168                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458458                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.458168                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458458                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1786543.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 861784.226122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862890.498727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1611162.526316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1611162.526316                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1786543.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862657.734571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863761.675450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1786543.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 862657.734571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863761.675450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8269                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.228835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         214071                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.757394                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.160259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     6.933879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1380.174177                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         621.960520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.003386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.673913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.303692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        26906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 26908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8397                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27111                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  27113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27111                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 27113                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8269                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112649212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6748604931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6861254143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112649212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6748604931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     6861254143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    112649212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6748604931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    6861254143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35135                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             35177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8397                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              35382                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             35382                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235068                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232852                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232852                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2816230.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820100.246810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829756.215141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2816230.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820100.246810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829756.215141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2816230.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 820100.246810                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829756.215141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4343                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8269                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109137089                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6025881401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6135018490                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109137089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6025881401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6135018490                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109137089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6025881401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6135018490                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234211                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235068                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232852                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232852                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2728427.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732273.836554                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741929.917765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2728427.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732273.836554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741929.917765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2728427.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 732273.836554                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741929.917765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        27902                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.600856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         161196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        29950                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.382170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.489092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.487048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1644.823334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         387.801382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.803136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.189356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        34973                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 34974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                7269                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  88                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  35062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        35061                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 35062                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               27863                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                27892                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27854                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               27892                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42558788                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25702505847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   25745064635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20130908                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     20130908                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42558788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25722636755                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    25765195543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42558788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25722636755                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   25765195543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             62837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            7269                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             117                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              62954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        62915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             62954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443087                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443417                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.247863                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442724                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442724                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1119968.105263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923719.886685                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923987.533108                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 694169.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 694169.241379                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1119968.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923480.891613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923748.585365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1119968.105263                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 923480.891613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923748.585365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4154                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4154                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          27863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           27892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          27892                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     39221467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23259016245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23298237712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     17584562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17584562                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     39221467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23276600807                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23315822274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     39221467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  23276600807                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23315822274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.443087                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443417                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.247863                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442724                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443054                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442724                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443054                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1032143.868421                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835903.548787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836171.184438                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 606364.206897                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 606364.206897                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1032143.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835664.565484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835932.248458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1032143.868421                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 835664.565484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835932.248458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        32729                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.940145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         200239                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        34777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.757800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.693024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.047341                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1804.736472                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         237.463308                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.881219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.115949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38588                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 38589                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               12379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  38617                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        38616                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 38617                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               32691                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                32729                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               32729                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92691500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31025493442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31118184942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     68507204                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     68507204                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92691500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31094000646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    31186692146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     92691500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  31094000646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   31186692146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             71280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           12379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              71346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        71304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             71346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458628                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.575758                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458432                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458736                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458432                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458736                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2260768.292683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 950244.822113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951888.438469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1802821.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1802821.157895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2260768.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951235.947320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 952876.413761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2260768.292683                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 951235.947320                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 952876.413761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5155                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5155                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           32729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        32688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          32729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89090846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28158188998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28247279844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     65170804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65170804                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89090846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28223359802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28312450648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     89090846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  28223359802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28312450648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458628                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.575758                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458432                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.458432                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2172947.463415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 862425.390444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864069.005047                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1715021.157895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1715021.157895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2172947.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 863416.538240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865057.002903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2172947.463415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 863416.538240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865057.002903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         8281                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.229655                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         214159                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        10326                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        20.739783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.155870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     7.364643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1380.587778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         621.121364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.003596                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.674115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.303282                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        26964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 26966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8419                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  27171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        27169                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 27171                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                8282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 8282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                8282                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115135455                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6624448544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6739583999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115135455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6624448544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     6739583999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115135455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   6624448544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    6739583999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35205                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             35248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8419                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              35453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             35453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234086                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232731                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233605                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232731                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233605                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2808181.829268                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803840.376653                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813762.859092                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2808181.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803840.376653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813762.859092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2808181.829268                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 803840.376653                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813762.859092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4347                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4347                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            8282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         8241                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           8282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111534234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5900782137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6012316371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111534234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5900782137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6012316371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    111534234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   5900782137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6012316371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.234086                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234964                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232731                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233605                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.232731                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233605                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2720347.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 716027.440481                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725949.815383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2720347.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 716027.440481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725949.815383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2720347.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 716027.440481                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 725949.815383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.482307                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011922232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040165.790323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.482307                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11914132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11914132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11914132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151725211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914190                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11914190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2615951.913793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2926555                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       585311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101821835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2483459.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163370864                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4584.819241                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.472855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.527145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9506477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9506477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062530                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18281                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16569007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16569007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16569007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90907                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92996                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92996                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20417934429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20417934429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    134413638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134413638                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20552348067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20552348067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  20552348067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20552348067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9597384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9597384                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18281                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16662003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16662003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16662003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005581                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 224602.444575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224602.444575                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64343.531833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64343.531833                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221002.495451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221002.495451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 221002.495451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221002.495451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11721                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  5860.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8409                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8517542750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8517542750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15041726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15041726                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8532584476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8532584476                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   8532584476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8532584476                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 242175.165619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242175.165619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 73018.087379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73018.087379                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241190.165249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241190.165249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 241190.165249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241190.165249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.891223                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1013337384                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1911957.328302                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.891223                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.060723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10669703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10669703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10669703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10669703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10669703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10669703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82577464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82577464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82577464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82577464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82577464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82577464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10669769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10669769                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10669769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10669769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10669769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10669769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1251173.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1251173.696970                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1251173.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1251173.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1251173.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1251173.696970                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57184090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57184090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57184090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57184090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     57184090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57184090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1429602.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1429602.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1429602.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1429602.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1429602.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1429602.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                62807                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              178937184                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                63063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2837.435327                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.071614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.928386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7395015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7395015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      6124700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6124700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17774                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13519715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       13519715                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     13519715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      13519715                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       164519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164519                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          840                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       165359                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       165359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       165359                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72446748005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72446748005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    340518042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    340518042                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72787266047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72787266047                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  72787266047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72787266047                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7559534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7559534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      6125540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6125540                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17774                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14287                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13685074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13685074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     13685074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13685074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021763                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440354.901288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440354.901288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 405378.621429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 405378.621429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440177.226804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440177.226804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440177.226804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440177.226804                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156138                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156138                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            7248                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       101828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          723                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       102551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102551                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        62808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62808                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28377790749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28377790749                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31588568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31588568                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28409379317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28409379317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28409379317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28409379317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452661.318993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452661.318993                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 269987.760684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 269987.760684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452321.031031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452321.031031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452321.031031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452321.031031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              517.501383                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1009210682                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1944529.252408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    35.501383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.056893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10990937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10990937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10990937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       10990937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     10990937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      10990937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86862808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86862808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86862808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86862808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     86862808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86862808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10990990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10990990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10990990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     10990990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     10990990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     10990990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1638920.905660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1638920.905660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1638920.905660                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59191124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59191124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59191124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59191124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59191124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59191124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1599760.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599760.108108                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599760.108108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                50524                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              170843465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                50780                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3364.384896                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.595278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.404722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087518                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7750158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7750158                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6555408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6555408                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16432                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16432                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14305566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14305566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14305566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14305566                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       173409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173409                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       178661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       178661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       178661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       178661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  73196245192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73196245192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224262886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3224262886                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  76420508078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  76420508078                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  76420508078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  76420508078                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7923567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7923567                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6560660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6560660                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16432                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15089                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14484227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14484227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14484227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14484227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021885                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000801                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 422101.766298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 422101.766298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 613911.440594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 613911.440594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427740.290707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427740.290707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 427740.290707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427740.290707                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     44531270                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            90                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 494791.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           17927                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       123034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       123034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       128137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       128137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       128137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       128137                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        50524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50524                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17054677357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17054677357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     14027951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14027951                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17068705308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17068705308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17068705308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17068705308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 338554.389221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338554.389221                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94147.322148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94147.322148                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337833.609928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337833.609928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 337833.609928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337833.609928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              581.726682                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1038179845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1768619.838160                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    40.648435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   541.078247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.065142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10464524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10464524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10464524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       10464524                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     10464524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      10464524                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106703922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106703922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106703922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106703922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    106703922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106703922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10464593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10464593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10464593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     10464593                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     10464593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     10464593                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1546433.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1546433.652174                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1546433.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1546433.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1546433.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1546433.652174                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76419801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76419801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76419801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76419801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     76419801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76419801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1736813.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736813.659091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1736813.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736813.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1736813.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1736813.659091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                71229                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              443082506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                71485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              6198.258460                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   111.901742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   144.098258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.437116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.562884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     27356462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27356462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14976219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14976219                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         7304                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7304                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     42332681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       42332681                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     42332681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      42332681                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       259927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       259927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          288                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       260215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       260215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       260215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       260215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127579299579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127579299579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    277059879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277059879                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127856359458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 127856359458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 127856359458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 127856359458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     27616389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27616389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14976507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14976507                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         7304                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7304                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     42592896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42592896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     42592896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42592896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 490827.423003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490827.423003                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 962013.468750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962013.468750                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491348.920923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491348.920923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 491348.920923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491348.920923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1885009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 942504.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           12305                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       188986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188986                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        71229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33763850474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33763850474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     68113995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68113995                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33831964469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33831964469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  33831964469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33831964469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 474457.941262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474457.941262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1032030.227273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1032030.227273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 474974.581547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474974.581547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 474974.581547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474974.581547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              527.993674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1013359880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1908399.020716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    38.884636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   489.109038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.062315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.783829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10692199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10692199                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10692199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       10692199                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     10692199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      10692199                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85390997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85390997                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85390997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85390997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     85390997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85390997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10692269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10692269                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10692269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     10692269                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     10692269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     10692269                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1219871.385714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1219871.385714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1219871.385714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1219871.385714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1219871.385714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1219871.385714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52783161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52783161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52783161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52783161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     52783161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52783161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1287394.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1287394.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1287394.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1287394.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1287394.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1287394.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                62955                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              178967836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                63211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              2831.276771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.070041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.929959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085664                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7411144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7411144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6139133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6139133                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17828                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14323                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14323                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     13550277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       13550277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     13550277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      13550277                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       164778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164778                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          825                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       165603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       165603                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       165603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       165603                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  71952827771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71952827771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    264737828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    264737828                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  72217565599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72217565599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  72217565599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72217565599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7575922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7575922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6139958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6139958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17828                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        14323                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14323                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     13715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13715880                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     13715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13715880                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021750                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436665.257322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436665.257322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 320894.336970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 320894.336970                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436088.510468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436088.510468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 436088.510468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436088.510468                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       177279                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       177279                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            7267                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       101940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101940                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          708                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       102648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       102648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102648                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        62955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62955                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28123904444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28123904444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     24813264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24813264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28148717708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28148717708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  28148717708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28148717708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447562.055508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447562.055508                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 212079.179487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 212079.179487                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447124.417568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447124.417568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 447124.417568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447124.417568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.233978                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1038184326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1774674.061538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.068340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.165638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.061007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10469005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10469005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10469005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       10469005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     10469005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      10469005                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109300287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109300287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109300287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109300287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    109300287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109300287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10469068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10469068                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10469068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     10469068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     10469068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     10469068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1734925.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1734925.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1734925.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1734925.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1734925.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1734925.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       934647                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79621809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79621809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79621809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79621809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79621809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79621809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1895757.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1895757.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1895757.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1895757.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1895757.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1895757.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                71377                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              443166252                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                71633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              6186.621418                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.900185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.099815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     27409871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27409871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15006534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15006534                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7337                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7337                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         7320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7320                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     42416405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       42416405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     42416405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      42416405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       261530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       261800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       261800                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       261800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       261800                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 127921308281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127921308281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    236682552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    236682552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128157990833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128157990833                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 128157990833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128157990833                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     27671401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27671401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15006804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15006804                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7337                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7320                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     42678205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42678205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     42678205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42678205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489126.709291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489126.709291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 876602.044444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 876602.044444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489526.320982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489526.320982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489526.320982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489526.320982                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1891769                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1891769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           12344                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       190220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          203                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       190423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190423                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71310                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        71377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33729615439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33729615439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     61347009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61347009                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33790962448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33790962448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  33790962448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33790962448                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 472999.795807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472999.795807                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       915627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       915627                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473415.280104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473415.280104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473415.280104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473415.280104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              520.139625                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1008483366                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1935668.648752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    45.139625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.072339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11570895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11570895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11570895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11570895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11570895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11570895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           70                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           70                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           70                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113049200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    113049200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113049200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    113049200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    113049200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    113049200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11570965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11570965                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11570965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11570965                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11570965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11570965                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1614988.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1614988.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1614988.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1614988.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1614988.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1614988.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       318677                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 159338.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84612736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84612736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84612736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84612736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     84612736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84612736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1839407.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839407.304348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1839407.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839407.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1839407.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1839407.304348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                38862                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              165332507                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                39118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4226.507158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.515848                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.484152                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7967264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7967264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6706278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6706278                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17222                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17222                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        16145                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16145                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14673542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14673542                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14673542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14673542                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       124472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          864                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       125336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       125336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       125336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       125336                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42654418140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42654418140                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     72679493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     72679493                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42727097633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42727097633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  42727097633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42727097633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8091736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8091736                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6707142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6707142                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17222                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17222                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        16145                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16145                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14798878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14798878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14798878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14798878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000129                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 342682.837425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342682.837425                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84119.783565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84119.783565                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340900.440679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340900.440679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340900.440679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340900.440679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8775                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        85756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          718                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        86474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        38862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11395342832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11395342832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      9401737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9401737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11404744569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11404744569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  11404744569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11404744569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 294331.615663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294331.615663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64395.458904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64395.458904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 293467.772348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293467.772348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 293467.772348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 293467.772348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.300161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1009216332                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1948294.077220                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.300161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10996587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10996587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10996587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       10996587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     10996587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      10996587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101459089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101459089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101459089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101459089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    101459089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101459089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10996640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10996640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10996640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     10996640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     10996640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     10996640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1914322.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914322.433962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1914322.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914322.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1914322.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914322.433962                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66684542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66684542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66684542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     66684542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66684542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     66684542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1852348.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1852348.388889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1852348.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1852348.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1852348.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1852348.388889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                50600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              170848010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                50856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3359.446476                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.600160                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.399840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.912501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.087499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7751918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7751918                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6558224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6558224                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16395                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16395                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14310142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14310142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14310142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14310142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       173075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       173075                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5158                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5158                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       178233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       178233                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       178233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       178233                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  72766627690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  72766627690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3160120216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3160120216                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75926747906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  75926747906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  75926747906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  75926747906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7924993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7924993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6563382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6563382                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16395                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16395                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15095                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14488375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14488375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14488375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14488375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000786                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 420434.075921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420434.075921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 612663.865064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 612663.865064                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425997.138050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425997.138050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 425997.138050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425997.138050                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     46756472                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            89                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 525353.617978                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        17949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           17949                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       122622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       122622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5010                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       127632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       127632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       127632                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        50453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        50601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        50601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        50601                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17088583171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17088583171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16210638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16210638                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17104793809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17104793809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17104793809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17104793809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338703.014112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338703.014112                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109531.337838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109531.337838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338032.722851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338032.722851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 338032.722851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338032.722851                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.518000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1013355240                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1915605.368620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.518000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10687559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10687559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10687559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10687559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10687559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10687559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67920625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67920625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67920625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67920625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67920625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67920625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10687622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10687622                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10687622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10687622                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10687622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10687622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1078105.158730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1078105.158730                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1078105.158730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1078105.158730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1078105.158730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1078105.158730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47902836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47902836                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47902836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47902836                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47902836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47902836                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1228277.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1228277.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1228277.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1228277.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1228277.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1228277.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                62973                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              178959351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                63229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2830.336570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.071723                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.928277                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914343                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7406561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7406561                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6135338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6135338                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17731                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13541899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       13541899                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     13541899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      13541899                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       164803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          809                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       165612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       165612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       165612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       165612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  71778489634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71778489634                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    312946771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    312946771                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72091436405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72091436405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  72091436405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72091436405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7571364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7571364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6136147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6136147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17731                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14313                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13707511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13707511                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     13707511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13707511                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435541.159044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435541.159044                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 386831.608158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 386831.608158                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435303.217188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435303.217188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 435303.217188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435303.217188                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       384881                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 128293.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            7271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       101947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          692                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       102639                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102639                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        62973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28219058848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28219058848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     31358675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31358675                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28250417523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28250417523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28250417523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28250417523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004594                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448947.735268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448947.735268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 268022.863248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 268022.863248                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448611.587871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448611.587871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 448611.587871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448611.587871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.481150                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011910316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2040141.766129                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.481150                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.064874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11902216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11902216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11902216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11902216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11902216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11902216                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162387681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11902275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11902275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11902275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11902275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11902275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11902275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2752333.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3561518                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 890379.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107674888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2626216.780488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                35314                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163351705                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                35570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4592.401040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.467374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.532626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911982                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9494628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9494628                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7055223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7055223                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17163                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17163                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16549851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16549851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16549851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16549851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        90699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90699                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2089                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        92788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        92788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20641929534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20641929534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    134412196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134412196                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20776341730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20776341730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  20776341730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20776341730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9585327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9585327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7057312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7057312                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18296                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17163                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16642639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16642639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16642639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16642639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227587.178844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227587.178844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64342.841551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64342.841551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223911.946911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223911.946911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223911.946911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223911.946911                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11792                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        11792                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8398                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35314                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8637682157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8637682157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15037451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15037451                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8652719608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8652719608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8652719608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8652719608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 246031.735132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246031.735132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 72997.334951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72997.334951                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245022.359631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245022.359631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245022.359631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245022.359631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.186458                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1008502706                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1946916.420849                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.186458                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828824                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11590235                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11590235                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11590235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11590235                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     97196278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97196278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11590295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11590295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11590295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11590295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11590295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11590295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1619937.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       910596                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       455298                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82856115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82856115                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1926886.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                38971                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165354793                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                39227                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4215.331098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.515870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.484130                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087829                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7978315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7978315                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6717438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6717438                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17268                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14695753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14695753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14695753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14695753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       124938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       124938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          832                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       125770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       125770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       125770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       125770                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41887519241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  41887519241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     69730321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     69730321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41957249562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  41957249562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  41957249562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  41957249562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8103253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8103253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6718270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6718270                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17268                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14821523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14821523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14821523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14821523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008486                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335266.446085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335266.446085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 83810.481971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83810.481971                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333603.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333603.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333603.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333603.002004                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8796                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        86110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          689                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        86799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        86799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        86799                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38971                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11202593212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11202593212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9212101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9212101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11211805313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11211805313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  11211805313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11211805313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288518.420006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288518.420006                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64420.286713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64420.286713                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287696.115393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287696.115393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287696.115393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287696.115393                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.391579                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1038170029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  583                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1780737.614065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.313238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.078340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.059797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.926910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10454708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10454708                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10454708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10454708                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10454708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10454708                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106905942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    106905942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106905942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    106905942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106905942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    106905942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10454774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10454774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10454774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10454774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10454774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10454774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1619787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1619787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1619787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1619787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1619787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1619787                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73489928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73489928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73489928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73489928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73489928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73489928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837248.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1837248.200000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837248.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1837248.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1837248.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1837248.200000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                71153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              443041909                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                71409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              6204.286701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.899817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.100183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     27330895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27330895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14961214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14961214                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     42292109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       42292109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     42292109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      42292109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       259432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       259432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          252                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       259684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       259684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       259684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       259684                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127779370743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 127779370743                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    221462339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    221462339                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128000833082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128000833082                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 128000833082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128000833082                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     27590327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27590327                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14961466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14961466                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7312                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7298                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     42551793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42551793                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     42551793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42551793                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006103                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006103                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492535.118039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492535.118039                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 878818.805556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 878818.805556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492909.971666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492909.971666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492909.971666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492909.971666                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           12300                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       188345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       188345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       188531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       188531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       188531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       188531                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        71153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33821623327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33821623327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     66743003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66743003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33888366330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33888366330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  33888366330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33888366330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001672                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 475777.896479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475777.896479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1011257.621212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1011257.621212                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476274.596011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476274.596011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476274.596011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476274.596011                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              496.347925                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1011917496                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2036051.299799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    41.347925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.066263                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11909396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11909396                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11909396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11909396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11909396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11909396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    175885024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175885024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    175885024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175885024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    175885024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175885024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11909456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11909456                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11909456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11909456                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11909456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11909456                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2931417.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2931417.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2931417.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2931417.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2931417.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2931417.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2928404                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 585680.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113119101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    113119101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113119101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    113119101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    113119101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    113119101                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2693311.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693311.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2693311.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693311.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2693311.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2693311.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                35340                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              163363713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                35596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4589.384004                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.472125                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.527875                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.912000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9501990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9501990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7059877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7059877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17173                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16561867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16561867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16561867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16561867                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        90937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90937                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2071                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        93008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        93008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        93008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        93008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20505378092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20505378092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    133534656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133534656                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20638912748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20638912748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20638912748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20638912748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9592927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9592927                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7061948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7061948                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17173                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16654875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16654875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16654875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16654875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009480                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225489.933602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225489.933602                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64478.346692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64478.346692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 221904.704413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221904.704413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 221904.704413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221904.704413                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        11819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2954.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8397                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        55802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1866                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57668                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57668                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8567113358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8567113358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14960404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14960404                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8582073762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8582073762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8582073762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8582073762                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003663                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243834.164167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243834.164167                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 72977.580488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72977.580488                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 242843.060611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242843.060611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 242843.060611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242843.060611                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              526.705216                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1013355165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1915605.226843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    36.705216                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.058822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844079                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10687484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10687484                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10687484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       10687484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     10687484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      10687484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66621146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     66621146                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66621146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     66621146                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     66621146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     66621146                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10687544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10687544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10687544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     10687544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     10687544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     10687544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1110352.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1110352.433333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1110352.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1110352.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1110352.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1110352.433333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42972161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42972161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42972161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42972161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42972161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42972161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1101850.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101850.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1101850.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101850.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1101850.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1101850.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                62915                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              178963090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                63171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2832.994412                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.072138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.927862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7408701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7408701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6136858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6136858                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17805                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        14318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14318                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13545559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       13545559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     13545559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      13545559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       164572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       164572                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          845                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       165417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       165417                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       165417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       165417                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  71762998936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  71762998936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    291707180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291707180                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  72054706116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  72054706116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  72054706116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  72054706116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7573273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7573273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6137703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6137703                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17805                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17805                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        14318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14318                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     13710976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     13710976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     13710976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     13710976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 436058.375276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 436058.375276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 345215.597633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 345215.597633                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435594.322929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435594.322929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 435594.322929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435594.322929                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       732577                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 366288.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7269                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       101774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       101774                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          728                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       102502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       102502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       102502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       102502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        62798                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        62915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        62915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        62915                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28230168462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28230168462                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     26051581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26051581                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28256220043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28256220043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28256220043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28256220043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008292                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449539.292048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449539.292048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 222663.085470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222663.085470                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449117.381276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449117.381276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 449117.381276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449117.381276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              579.150502                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1038171062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1774651.388034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    38.901244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   540.249257                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.865784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10455741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10455741                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10455741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10455741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10455741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10455741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    128830793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    128830793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    128830793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    128830793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    128830793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    128830793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10455807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10455807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10455807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10455807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10455807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10455807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1951981.712121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1951981.712121                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1951981.712121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1951981.712121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1951981.712121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1951981.712121                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1297893                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 648946.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93098289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93098289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93098289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93098289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93098289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93098289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2216625.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2216625.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2216625.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2216625.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2216625.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2216625.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                71304                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              443100095                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                71560                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              6192.008035                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   111.899776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   144.100224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.437108                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.562892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     27364516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27364516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     14985753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     14985753                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7310                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7310                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     42350269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       42350269                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     42350269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      42350269                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       261216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       261216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          263                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       261479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       261479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       261479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       261479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128527553120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 128527553120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    281609259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    281609259                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128809162379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 128809162379                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128809162379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 128809162379                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     27625732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     27625732                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14986016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     14986016                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7326                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7310                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     42611748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     42611748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     42611748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     42611748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 492035.530442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492035.530442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1070757.638783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1070757.638783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 492617.618925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492617.618925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 492617.618925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492617.618925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1875884                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1875884                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           12379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       189978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       189978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          197                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       190175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       190175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       190175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        71238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        71304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        71304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        71304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  33931733605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33931733605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     70676984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70676984                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  34002410589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34002410589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  34002410589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34002410589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476315.079101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476315.079101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1070863.393939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1070863.393939                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476865.401506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476865.401506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 476865.401506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476865.401506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              497.026357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011932324                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2031992.618474                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    42.026357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067350                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11924224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11924224                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11924224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11924224                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11924224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11924224                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174710494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    174710494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174710494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    174710494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    174710494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    174710494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11924284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11924284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11924284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11924284                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11924284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11924284                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2911841.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2911841.566667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2911841.566667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2906538                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 726634.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115617342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115617342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115617342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115617342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    115617342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115617342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2688775.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2688775.395349                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2688775.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2688775.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2688775.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2688775.395349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                35410                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163387514                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                35666                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4581.043963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.472844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.527156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9515316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9515316                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7070246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7070246                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18358                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17199                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17199                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16585562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16585562                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16585562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16585562                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        91048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        91048                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2104                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        93152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        93152                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        93152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        93152                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20243004170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20243004170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    135160552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    135160552                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20378164722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20378164722                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  20378164722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20378164722                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9606364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9606364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7072350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7072350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18358                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18358                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17199                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17199                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16678714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16678714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16678714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16678714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 222333.320556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222333.320556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64239.806084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64239.806084                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218762.503457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218762.503457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 218762.503457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218762.503457                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20541                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 10270.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8419                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57742                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57742                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35410                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8446728370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8446728370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14987260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14987260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8461715630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8461715630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8461715630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8461715630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003665                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 239929.793211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239929.793211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 73108.585366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73108.585366                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238964.011014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238964.011014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 238964.011014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238964.011014                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
