
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123053                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123052610898                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647880204435                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 294031                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   370545                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2055302                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67751848                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59870.80                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17603867719                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22184836356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4145408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2568704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1211264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1210880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2574720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4867840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1694592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4866304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4143872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4131712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      4865920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4857728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4130944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2622848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1695232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2620032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             52287232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79232                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11828736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11828736                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        38030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        13239                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        38018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        32374                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        32279                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        38015                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        37951                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        32273                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        20491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        13244                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                408494                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           92412                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                92412                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33688095                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        34327                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     20874844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9843464                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9840344                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        35367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20923733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39559014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     13771280                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39546532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     33675612                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     33576793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     39543411                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41608                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39476838                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40568                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     33570551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        38488                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21314850                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13776481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39528                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     21291966                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               424917697                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        38488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        34327                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        40568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        38488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        35367                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        41608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        42648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43689                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        39528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        40568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45769                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        41608                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        40568                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        38488                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        39528                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             643887                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          96127469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               96127469                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          96127469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        38488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33688095                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        34327                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     20874844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        40568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9843464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        38488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9840344                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        35367                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20923733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        41608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39559014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        42648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     13771280                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        43689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39546532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        39528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     33675612                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        40568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     33576793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     39543411                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        41608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39476838                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        40568                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     33570551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        38488                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21314850                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13776481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        39528                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     21291966                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              521045165                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20745768                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16964102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022415                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8532072                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8176713                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134617                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89702                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201338578                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117756038                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20745768                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10311330                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24665496                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5891911                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9319523                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12378975                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2035757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239148180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214482684     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1333782      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2106598      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3364319      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1393759      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1554171      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1664516      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1088651      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12159700      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239148180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070303                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.399051                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199420831                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11252038                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24589249                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        61953                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3824106                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3403342                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          478                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143783664                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3065                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3824106                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199722733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2261788                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8080975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24354840                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       903733                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143696169                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        29753                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       247016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       333076                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65256                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199486208                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668466095                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668466095                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29244349                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        36947                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20479                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2657625                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13685693                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7365515                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222379                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1677348                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143507090                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37058                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135829561                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18157473                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40509864                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3852                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239148180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181853885     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23011932      9.62%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12570302      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8570864      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8014092      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2301012      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1797471      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610797      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417825      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239148180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31557     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95189     38.18%     50.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122581     49.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113779275     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2150048      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12556444      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7327333      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135829561                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.460298                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249327                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001836                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511227707                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161703121                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133653897                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136078888                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412485                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2449294                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          420                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1532                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222497                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8431                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           91                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3824106                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1392354                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143544302                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        18618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13685693                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7365515                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20475                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90194                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1532                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155700                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2337224                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133900925                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807652                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928633                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19133278                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18845235                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7325626                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453763                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133654758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133653897                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78138613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204123533                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452926                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382801                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20970216                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2065770                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235324074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185571467     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24094076     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9378008      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5055498      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3782864      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112585      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303663      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1165656      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2860257      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235324074                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2860257                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376007950                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290913986                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3261111                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              55942015                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.950902                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.950902                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338879                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338879                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603823416                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185250828                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134129129                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20213343                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18051108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1611008                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13556483                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13207222                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1212140                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48875                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    213670641                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            114781840                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20213343                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     14419362                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25600463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5278859                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      8721850                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12927829                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1581208                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    251651780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746349                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      226051317     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3905148      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1969258      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3865838      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1238046      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3580060      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         564145      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         906633      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        9571335      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    251651780                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.068499                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.388972                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      211665776                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     10775913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25549818                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        20367                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3639902                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1907297                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        18900                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    128391229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        35692                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3639902                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      211894168                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       6979509                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      3072050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25322878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       743269                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    128202163                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          240                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        99522                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       567863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    168019824                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    581009931                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    581009931                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    136312029                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       31707775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        17216                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8717                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1716496                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     23133398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3752232                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24681                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       851807                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        127540765                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       119459047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77483                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22965094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     46991673                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          134                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    251651780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474700                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199271408     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16465144      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17588547      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10147032      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5243514      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1311452      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1558431      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36205      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30047      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    251651780                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200014     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82368     23.55%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67392     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93674480     78.42%     78.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       936049      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8499      0.01%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21119838     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3720181      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    119459047                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.404822                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            349774                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    490997129                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150523442                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116430952                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    119808821                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93354                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4706602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          313                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3639902                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       6136835                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127558136                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16348                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23133398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3752232                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8713                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43183                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2459                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          313                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       618067                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1707603                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    117945900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20817580                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1513145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  95                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           24537569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17933109                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3719989                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.399694                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            116457561                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           116430952                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        70458614                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       153432323                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.394561                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.459216                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92764895                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    104432490                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23130769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17142                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1600920                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248011878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421079                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288601                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209135153     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15275612      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9809408      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3087896      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5126365      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000832      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634096      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       579950      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3362566      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248011878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     92764895                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    104432490                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             22093066                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            18426791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8552                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16023552                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        91263007                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1305040                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3362566                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          372212220                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         258769295                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4770262                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              43438415                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          92764895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           104432490                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     92764895                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     3.181055                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               3.181055                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.314361                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.314361                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      548251948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     151702784                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     136374743                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        17126                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       25621402                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21331698                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2326505                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9778501                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9370320                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2756747                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222969149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            140560932                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          25621402                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     12127067                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            29295420                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       6467479                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     19978847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6016                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        13842822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2224172                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    276369389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624922                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987807                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      247073969     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1797250      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        2262013      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3606404      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1517229      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1943645      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2266097      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1037234      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       14865548      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    276369389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086826                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      221663502                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     21416601                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        29156264                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        13776                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      4119245                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3900399                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          650                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    171781552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         3172                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      4119245                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      221887826                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        714627                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     20075649                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        28945920                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       626114                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    170724224                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        90306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       436943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    238473317                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    793916528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    793916528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    199702026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       38771267                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        41493                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21690                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2199968                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     15959056                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      8361798                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1890306                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        166692188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41643                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       159991192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158318                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20098894                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40792410                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1701                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276369389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302945                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208574156     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30923234     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12645632      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7080700      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9597187      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2954304      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2908185      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1562712      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123279      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276369389                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102935     79.16%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       147686     10.60%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142630     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134788385     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2187779      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19803      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14658847      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8336378      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    159991192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.542177                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393251                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597903340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186833499                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155835677                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    161384443                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119346                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2979705                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          776                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114289                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           18                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      4119245                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        543003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69059                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166733835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15959056                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8361798                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21689                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60423                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          776                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305085                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2684292                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157209985                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14422288                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2781205                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           22757959                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       22236355                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          8335671                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532752                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            155836100                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           155835677                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        93360848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       250758831                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528095                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372313                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116181664                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    143162517                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23571925                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39942                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2346377                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272250144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525849                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211659727     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30705432     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11144894      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558754      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5081368      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2136396      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109694      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005613      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2848266      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272250144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    116181664                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    143162517                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21226857                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            12979348                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             19926                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         20751216                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       128892645                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2956223                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2848266                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          436135514                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         337588163                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               3376771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18720806                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         116181664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           143162517                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    116181664                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.539903                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.539903                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393716                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393716                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      707391040                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     217762367                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     158910352                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        39908                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       25611431                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21324913                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2325811                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9771632                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9367376                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2755424                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    222858390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            140514780                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          25611431                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     12122800                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            29284921                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6466839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     20117966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13836534                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2223362                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    276385720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987477                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      247100799     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1795849      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2261670      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3604690      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1515777      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1942911      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        2266558      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1036600      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       14860866      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    276385720                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086792                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476176                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      221550423                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     21556446                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        29145630                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        13925                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      4119295                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3897429                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          650                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    171725479                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         3170                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      4119295                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      221775374                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        717088                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     20211922                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        28934819                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       627214                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    170667821                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          153                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        90562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       437385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    238390434                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    793660077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    793660077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    199599660                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       38790768                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        41506                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21713                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2204700                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     15954634                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      8358890                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94423                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1899828                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        166625059                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41653                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       159922265                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20103346                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40805038                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1731                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276385720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208612790     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30920166     11.19%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12635935      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7081156      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9591254      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2953073      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2906295      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1561798      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123253      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276385720                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1101737     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       147821     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142546     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134728593     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2186758      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19793      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14653735      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8333386      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    159922265                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541944                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1392104                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008705                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    597780897                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186770827                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155765053                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    161314369                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119450                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2981915                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           44                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          772                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115583                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      4119295                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        545592                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68815                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166666719                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130418                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15954634                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8358890                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21712                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60218                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          772                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1379156                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1304589                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2683745                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157138678                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14416219                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           22748856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       22223378                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          8332637                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532511                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            155765506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           155765053                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        93322193                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       250672434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527856                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116122150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    143089198                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23578116                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39922                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2345703                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272266425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344268                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211702324     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30692211     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11142646      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5556705      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5078941      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2133998      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2107702      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1005570      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2846328      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272266425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    116122150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    143089198                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             21216025                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12972718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             19916                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         20740590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       128826637                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2954710                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2846328                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          436086605                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         337453954                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3374794                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              18704475                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         116122150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           143089198                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    116122150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.541205                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.541205                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393514                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393514                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      707080513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     217660581                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     158857384                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        39888                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20284894                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18115970                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1617096                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13596084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13254595                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1217397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48988                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214453349                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            115200089                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20284894                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     14471992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25692544                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5299634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      8601071                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles            8                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           43                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12975866                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587160                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    252420460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511306                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746833                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      226727916     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        3918819      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1976169      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3878944      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1242236      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        3593375      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         566240      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         911204      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        9605557      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    252420460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.068741                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.390389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      212442629                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     10661134                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25641611                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        20598                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3654484                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      1912802                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        18961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    128858964                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        35798                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3654484                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      212671612                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       6866171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3068291                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25414210                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       745688                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    128669857                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       100260                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       569311                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    168629224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    583136150                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    583136150                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    136805739                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       31823485                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        17274                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8744                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1723000                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     23221025                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      3765895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24998                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       854763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        128006570                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17334                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       119894387                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78001                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23053590                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47182099                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          129                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252420460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088311                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199849098     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16526206      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17652526      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10181043      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5263958      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1318253      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1562837      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36431      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30108      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252420460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200810     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82608     23.53%     80.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67670     19.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94012606     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939472      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8531      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21200277     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3733501      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    119894387                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.406297                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351088                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492638323                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151077805                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116853508                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    120245475                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4728979                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          317                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86173                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3654484                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       6021931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89715                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128024001                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16472                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23221025                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3765895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8740                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43198                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2478                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          317                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620078                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      1713785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118374851                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20894785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1519536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           24628098                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17996806                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          3733313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.401148                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            116880720                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           116853508                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        70715493                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       153994002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.395993                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.459209                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93098710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    104809371                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23219829                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17205                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1606981                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248765976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421317                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288842                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209746095     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15330736      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9847013      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3100688      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5145467      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004577      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635606      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582196      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3373598      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248765976                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     93098710                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    104809371                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             22171768                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            18492046                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              8584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16081173                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        91592730                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      1309819                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      3373598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          373421227                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         259715740                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               4789492                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              42669735                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          93098710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           104809371                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     93098710                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     3.169649                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               3.169649                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.315492                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.315492                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      550250987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     152255173                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     136871813                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        17188                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19959637                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18010887                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1041220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7592928                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7148490                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100530                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46257                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211734039                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            125407999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19959637                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      8249020                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24816848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3285426                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     29427420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12143117                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1045714                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    268196443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      243379595     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         889313      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1815177      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         774027      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        4125841      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3670726      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         711150      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1478836      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11351778      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    268196443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067639                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424982                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      209569317                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     31604942                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24725628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        78915                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2217638                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1751754                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          499                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    147063749                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2819                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2217638                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      209842229                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      29390118                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1277852                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24564547                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       904056                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    146983774                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       468134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       296439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7742                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    172509224                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    692226004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    692226004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    153073468                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       19435750                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        17062                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8617                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2092819                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     34690038                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     17550530                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161700                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       851588                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        146703684                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17110                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141028716                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        87600                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11341344                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27227481                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268196443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316456                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217550055     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15467176      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12508776      4.66%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5402045      2.01%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6757716      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6406519      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3634002      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290850      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179304      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268196443                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355457     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2710674     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79243      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88452750     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1231801      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8444      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33834642     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17501079     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141028716                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477917                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3145374                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022303                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553486849                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    158065793                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139822322                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    144174090                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       254423                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1347587                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          546                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3661                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116869                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12430                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2217638                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      28684352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       275313                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146720890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1375                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34690038                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17550530                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8614                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171500                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          132                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3661                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608077                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1222178                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    140051503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33718937                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       977213                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  96                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           51218311                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18350912                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         17499374                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            139825979                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           139822322                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75529687                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       149067375                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473829                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506682                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113617683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    133519593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13217569                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17018                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1064162                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265978805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320616                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217373896     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17886555      6.72%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8331081      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8195319      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2267653      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9378455      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       712031      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520674      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1313141      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265978805                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    113617683                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    133519593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             50776104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            33342448                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8496                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17632139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       118730929                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1293324                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1313141                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          411402488                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         295692178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4542933                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              26893752                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         113617683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           133519593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    113617683                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.597221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.597221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.385027                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.385027                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      692364723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     162342177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     175110461                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16992                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22784448                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18642854                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2232495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9585466                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8984053                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2356862                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101863                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219711060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            127351149                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22784448                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     11340915                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            26604910                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       6068948                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     11916826                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          755                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        13441280                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2233675                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    262041057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      235436147     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1247350      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1976445      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2671492      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        2746713      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        2322569      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1295738      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1929734      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       12414869      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    262041057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.077212                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.431567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      217451453                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     14196505                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        26555707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        30279                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3807110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3749877                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    156294399                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3807110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      218048735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1993399                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     10823639                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25995851                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles      1372320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    156233538                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       203925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       588811                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    218025517                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    726785993                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    726785993                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    189297283                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       28728234                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        39194                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20582                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         4075658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14639966                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7927495                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93098                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1841970                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        156040985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39331                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       148318316                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20432                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17044030                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40617963                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1804                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262041057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199279265     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25804556      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13080226      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9864733      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7744940      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3127275      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1974442      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028638      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136982      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262041057                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27724     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90287     36.60%     47.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128671     52.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124746082     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2208394      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18606      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13443133      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7902101      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    148318316                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.502620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246682                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    558944803                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173124945                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146083718                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    148564998                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       299953                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2342539                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          600                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104282                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3807110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1659617                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156080470                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57449                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14639966                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7927495                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20588                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents       113914                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          600                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1302291                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1248660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2550951                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146261299                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12649683                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2057017                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20551481                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       20792990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7901798                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.495649                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            146083933                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           146083718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        83859028                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       225951539                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.495048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.371137                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110348267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    135782388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20298113                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37527                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2260664                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258233947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525812                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202549854     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27586672     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10437428      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4969975      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4181088      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2405327      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109565      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949746      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3044292      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258233947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    110348267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    135782388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             20120640                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            12297427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             18722                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         19580054                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       122338311                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2796075                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3044292                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          411269402                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         315968170                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3331843                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              33049138                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         110348267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           135782388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    110348267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.674172                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.674172                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.373948                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.373948                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      658308695                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     203500659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     144883039                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        37494                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19946218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17997837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1042938                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7695079                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7145460                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1101430                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46204                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211711457                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            125335503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19946218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      8246890                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24802040                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3283474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     29198218                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12142835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047459                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    267926141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      243124101     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         889020      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1811862      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         773001      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        4122621      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3674975      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         713615      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1478877      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11338069      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    267926141                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      209522523                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     31400105                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        24710982                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        78606                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2213922                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1751325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    146966644                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2836                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2213922                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      209796640                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      29190261                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1262470                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        24548235                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       914610                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    146887513                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents         3754                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       472244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       298723                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11496                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    172415691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    691794824                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    691794824                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    152992857                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       19422829                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        17051                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8610                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2108194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     34668653                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     17537408                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161310                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       851247                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        146607659                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17100                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       140942656                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        82686                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11304096                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27124926                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           90                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267926141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526050                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316515                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217296787     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15466627      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12510103      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5402892      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6749953      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6399837      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3630813      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289760      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179369      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267926141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354673     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2707990     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79104      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88404000     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230219      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8440      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33807724     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17492273     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    140942656                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477626                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3141767                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022291                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553035906                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157932479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139744783                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    144084423                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253242                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1343101                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          535                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3632                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112597                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12425                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2213922                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      28474133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       276644                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146624852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34668653                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17537408                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8608                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       171625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          136                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3632                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       609664                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       613376                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1223040                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139967615                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33697320                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       975041                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           51187856                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       18343054                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         17490536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474321                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            139748400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           139744783                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        75490801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       149002370                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506642                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113558356                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    133449811                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13191117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17010                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1065948                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265712219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502234                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217131975     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17875772      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8328662      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8191112      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268179      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9372310      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711716      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       521127      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311366      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265712219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    113558356                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    133449811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             50750360                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            33325549                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8492                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         17622837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       118668877                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1292609                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1311366                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          411041443                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         295495973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4543870                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              27164054                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         113558356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           133449811                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    113558356                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.598578                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.598578                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      691975959                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     162257288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     175014512                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20746800                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16965990                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2030149                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8708449                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8200564                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2136277                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90105                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201595736                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            117676503                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20746800                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10336841                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            24671749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5889748                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      9307431                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12396650                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2043396                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    239389448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600697                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944826                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      214717699     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1338584      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        2115226      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3365750      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1394420      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        1566915      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1659039      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1086773      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       12145042      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    239389448                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.070307                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.398781                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199680432                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     11237917                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        24595323                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        61707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3814066                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3401811                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          467                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    143710006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         3042                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3814066                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199983330                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       2270858                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      8054847                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24359688                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       906654                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    143617429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents        45520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       245386                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       330306                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        74199                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    199374463                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    668067197                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    668067197                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    170328624                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       29045839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37243                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         2644269                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13700257                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7363008                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221374                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1669897                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        143423347                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37351                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       135850998                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171746                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18013992                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39957807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4130                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239389448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567489                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260605                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    182060543     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23040918      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12590428      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8563608      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8003368      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2305551      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795029      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       613025      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       416978      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239389448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31528     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95607     38.31%     50.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122428     49.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113803270     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2143962      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16469      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12563419      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7323878      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    135850998                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.460371                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249563                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511512753                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161476197                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133666478                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    136100561                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412030                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2458158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          385                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1538                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       216378                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8460                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          161                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3814066                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1418986                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       123342                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143460851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39085                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13700257                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7363008                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20757                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        91124                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1538                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1189183                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2343974                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133914824                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11815864                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1936174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 153                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19137868                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18852306                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7322004                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.453810                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            133667399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           133666478                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        78153387                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       204129750                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.452968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.382861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100050928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    122637019                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20824345                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33221                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2073645                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235575382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185790878     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24108284     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9387932      3.99%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5056783      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3787014      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115378      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304540      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1166248      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2858325      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235575382                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100050928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    122637019                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             18388729                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11242099                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17604142                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       110505011                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2491347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2858325                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          376177745                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         290737021                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3268167                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              55700747                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100050928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           122637019                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100050928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.949400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.949400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.339052                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.339052                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      603914076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     185274591                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     134051659                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20704063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16930494                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2021109                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8506755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8168726                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2123754                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89772                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201022752                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117532402                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20704063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10292480                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24616281                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5880789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      9277934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1776                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12360260                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2034487                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    238733640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946200                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      214117359     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1337412      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2101840      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3351836      1.40%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1391496      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1553625      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1659179      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1086470      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12134423      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    238733640                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070162                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.398293                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      199122932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     11194649                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24540492                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        61141                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3814423                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3395824                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          476                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143478215                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         3054                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3814423                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      199424872                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       2252669                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      8037149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24304896                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       899626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143390580                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents        33455                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       243581                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       333267                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        63070                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199066458                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    666993256                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    666993256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    169935693                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29130765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36994                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20559                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2662863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13639006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7351435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222080                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672479                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143206453                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37099                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135567469                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       170756                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18060923                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40262402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3953                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238733640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567861                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261177                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181543191     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22983652      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12539822      5.25%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8550707      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7997631      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2296171      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1793966      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611123      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417377      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238733640                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31475     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95048     38.22%     50.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122171     49.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113559849     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2145945      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16431      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12532131      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7313113      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135567469                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.459410                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248694                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001834                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510288028                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161305986                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133413811                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135816163                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       413408                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2422865                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          379                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1541                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       221310                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8411                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           58                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3814423                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       1387368                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       124424                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143243709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13481                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13639006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7351435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20543                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        93396                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1541                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1185068                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1153058                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2338126                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133659722                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11785747                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1907747                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 157                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19097169                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18810537                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7311422                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.452945                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            133414662                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           133413811                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        77973700                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       203635335                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.452112                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382908                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99820117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122354030                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20890225                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33146                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2064350                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234919217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520834                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373116                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185256519     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24051573     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9361433      3.98%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5043671      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3775981      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2108975      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1303245      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1162251      0.49%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2855569      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234919217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99820117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122354030                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18346266                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11216141                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16536                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17563512                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110250010                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2485588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2855569                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          375307227                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290303156                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3256114                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              56356555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99820117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122354030                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99820117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.956220                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.956220                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.338270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.338270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      602746280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184908298                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     133875018                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33116                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       19949695                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18000849                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043865                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7758456                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7144563                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1102481                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46304                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211751482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            125357308                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          19949695                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      8247044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            24804458                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       3285709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     29167028                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12145852                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1048309                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    267940076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849106                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      243135618     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         889418      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1809325      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         772567      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        4123593      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3678386      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         712929      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1480067      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11338173      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    267940076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.067605                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.424810                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      209569593                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     31363604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        24712742                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        78993                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      2215141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1751664                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          503                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    146985148                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2830                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      2215141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      209842758                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles      29130842                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      1290036                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24551416                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       909880                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    146906729                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          855                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       470427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       298113                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9663                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    172449925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    691886649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    691886649                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    153004700                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       19445213                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        17064                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8622                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2102875                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     34672831                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores     17536154                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       161417                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       851209                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        146627305                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17112                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       140951325                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81251                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11310843                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27157214                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267940076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316522                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217304317     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15472204      5.77%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12513606      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5400304      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6746836      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6401734      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3631670      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290277      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       179128      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267940076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354683     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2709049     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79117      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88410796     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1230556      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8440      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33807490     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17494043     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    140951325                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.477655                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3142849                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022297                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    553066826                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157958927                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139753905                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    144094174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253772                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1344452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          553                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109890                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12429                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      2215141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles      28411066                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       277531                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146644511                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1420                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34672831                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17536154                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8620                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       172127                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       609549                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1223594                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139974594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33698345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       976731                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  94                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           51190657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18344672                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores         17492312                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.474345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139757624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139753905                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        75498999                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       149030394                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.473597                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113567434                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    133460442                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13200489                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17010                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1066921                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265724935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320830                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217139430     81.72%     81.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17878447      6.73%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8328436      3.13%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8192895      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2268325      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9374162      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711436      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520720      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1311084      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265724935                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    113567434                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    133460442                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             50754636                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            33328372                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              8492                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17624248                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       118678319                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1292710                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      1311084                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          411074444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         295537222                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4545513                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              27150119                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         113567434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           133460442                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    113567434                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.598370                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.598370                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.384857                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.384857                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      692016486                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     162271249                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     175041278                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        16984                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19901698                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17957816                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1043354                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7534904                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7129436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100449                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46248                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211289804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            125002400                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19901698                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      8229885                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24740127                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       3273348                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     29505354                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        12120766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1047787                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    267739149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847423                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      242999022     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         887121      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1799415      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         770472      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        4116225      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3675306      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         710541      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1479561      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11301486      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    267739149                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067443                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.423607                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      209119860                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     31688565                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24648389                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        78971                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      2203361                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1747393                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          504                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    146600854                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      2203361                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      209392666                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      29476203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1273965                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24487386                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       905565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    146522191                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       468747                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       297650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7633                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    171972945                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    690086474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    690086474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    152646782                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       19326147                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        17019                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8596                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2098278                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     34603816                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     17495721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160762                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       849875                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        146238760                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17069                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       140624082                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11233843                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26871176                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           99                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267739149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217230683     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15430981      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12481068      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5380396      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6730163      2.51%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6392568      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3625323      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289389      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178578      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267739149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354105     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2706334     86.21%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78937      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88206611     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1224323      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8420      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33730339     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17454389     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    140624082                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476546                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3139376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022325                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552207360                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157493279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139419471                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    143763458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253633                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1351910                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          544                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3612                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109505                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12392                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          105                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      2203361                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      28772734                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       274411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146255926                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34603816                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17495721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8597                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       169571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          120                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3612                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608087                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       615398                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1223485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139641184                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33621207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       982898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           51073902                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       18302141                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         17452695                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473215                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            139423192                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           139419471                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75326441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       148733824                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472464                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506451                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113303088                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    133149717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13122468                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1066280                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265535788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320018                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217068760     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17834053      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8309257      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8168167      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2260994      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9354983      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711680      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519474      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1308420      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265535788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    113303088                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    133149717                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             50638115                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            33251899                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              8472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         17583098                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       118402004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1289644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1308420                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          410499215                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         294747955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4538422                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              27351046                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         113303088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           133149717                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    113303088                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.604432                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.604432                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.383961                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.383961                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      690368025                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     161878244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     174571655                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        16944                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295088847                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20695338                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16922543                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2026027                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8676222                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8185833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2124831                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201112111                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117385424                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20695338                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10310664                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24609202                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5869196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      9414816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12367316                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    238934465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.944102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      214325263     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1342073      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2110827      0.88%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3350206      1.40%     92.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1392064      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1563425      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1655532      0.69%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1082845      0.45%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12112230      5.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    238934465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.070133                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.397797                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      199214477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     11327531                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24533474                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        61115                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3797865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3394651                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143323028                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         3046                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3797865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      199516514                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       2332383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      8076050                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24297488                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       914160                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143229678                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        47420                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       243475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       329144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        85447                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    198847049                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    666203580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    666203580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    169949178                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       28897794                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37154                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20718                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2640941                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13642771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7346682                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       221226                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1667220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143035025                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37266                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135522630                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171451                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17874870                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39616875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4120                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    238934465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181736143     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22995815      9.62%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12558773      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547124      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7979304      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2297852      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1790692      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       612827      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       415935      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    238934465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31509     12.66%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95340     38.30%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122090     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113524287     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2139534      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16432      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12535133      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7307244      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135522630                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.459260                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            248939                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001837                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    510400115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160948669                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133359131                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135771569                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2425701                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          421                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1540                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       215981                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8442                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3797865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1464084                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       125212                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143072446                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        43510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13642771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7346682                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20708                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1540                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1189737                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1151678                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2341415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133607052                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11790133                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1915578                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 155                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19095505                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18812150                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7305372                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.452769                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            133360098                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           133359131                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        77956931                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       203520686                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.451929                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.383042                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99827993                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122363844                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20709075                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33146                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2069362                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235136600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372428                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185463927     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24054928     10.23%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9364561      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5046730      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3777821      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2111268      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1301692      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1163556      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2852117      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235136600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99827993                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122363844                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18347749                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11217059                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16536                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17564972                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110258848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2485808                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2852117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          375356726                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         289944017                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3259943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              56154382                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99827993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122363844                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99827993                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.955973                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.955973                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.338298                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.338298                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      602523985                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184843799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133724283                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33116                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       21693901                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17791064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2122067                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8956020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8465678                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2222464                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94320                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206968965                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            123310404                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          21693901                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10688142                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            27105934                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6036186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     19170936                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        12751951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2110265                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    257122740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.924081                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      230016806     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2924856      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3383379      1.32%     91.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1867900      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2168188      0.84%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1181621      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         806308      0.31%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        2114864      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12658818      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    257122740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073516                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.417874                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      205302036                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     20870181                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26890339                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       203048                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3857134                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3521204                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        19766                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    150545862                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        97604                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3857134                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      205613022                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       7049129                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     12917134                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26791113                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       895206                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    150460443                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          245                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       237403                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       411463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    209061337                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    700510482                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    700510482                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    178423902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       30637419                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        39018                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21601                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2401694                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14365408                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7822864                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205775                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1737744                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        150227488                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39080                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       141928871                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       201292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18841073                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43641865                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4036                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257122740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197336016     76.75%     76.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24038692      9.35%     86.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12902781      5.02%     91.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8953056      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7834078      3.05%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4011888      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958371      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623393      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464465      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257122740                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37087     12.07%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132804     43.24%     55.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137272     44.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118807101     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2219710      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17375      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13118185      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7766500      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    141928871                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.480968                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            307163                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002164                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541488937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    169108997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139581398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    142236034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2543219                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          950                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1360                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       173933                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8688                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4538                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3857134                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       6541832                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       158570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150266703                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14365408                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7822864                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21579                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       110725                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1360                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1228704                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1194575                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2423279                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139846842                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12319349                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2082029                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20083827                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19562754                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7764478                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.473912                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            139583481                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           139581398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        82945480                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       217313130                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381686                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104774567                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    128545863                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21722349                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35044                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2134145                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253265606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507554                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.324207                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200751985     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24356817      9.62%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10204070      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6128301      2.42%     95.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4247571      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2738806      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1423902      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1144955      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269199      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253265606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    104774567                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    128545863                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19471118                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11822187                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17484                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         18397258                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       115889156                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2615299                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2269199                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          401263917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         304393646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3169330                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              37967455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         104774567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           128545863                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    104774567                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.816430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.816430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      630774217                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     193714907                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     140476460                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        35012                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295090195                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22790021                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18646803                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2231724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9584371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8983675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2357787                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101823                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219721390                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            127378815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22790021                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11341462                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26608335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6067558                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     11963265                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13441126                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2232944                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    262100628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931487                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      235492293     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1247336      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1974921      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2671496      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2747656      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2323333      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1296614      0.49%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1929104      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12417875      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    262100628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077231                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431661                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      217459465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     14245328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26558972                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        30370                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3806490                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3751445                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    156323497                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3806490                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      218057517                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1990286                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     10873648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25998381                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1374303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    156262746                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       204199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       589765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    218065122                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    726915599                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    726915599                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    189340229                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28724890                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        39184                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20568                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         4080537                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14640323                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7929032                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93113                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1844318                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        156069817                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       148351188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20428                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17036096                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40593562                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1787                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262100628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566009                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199328525     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25805810      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13084185      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9864918      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7747770      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3127837      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976017      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028641      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136925      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262100628                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27773     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90322     36.60%     47.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128665     52.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124773519     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2209313      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18610      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13446020      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7903726      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    148351188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502732                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            246760                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559070192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173145829                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146116217                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    148597948                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2340094                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          595                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104035                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3806490                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1655873                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156109293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14640323                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7929032                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20574                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          595                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1300967                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249552                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2550519                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146294079                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12653443                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2057109                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20556866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20798955                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7903423                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495761                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            146116431                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           146116217                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        83877110                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       225995473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495158                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110373313                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    135813237                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20296091                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37535                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2259899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258294138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373304                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202597673     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27592976     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10439315      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4971636      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4181247      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2405742      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110917      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949533      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3045099      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258294138                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    110373313                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    135813237                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20125225                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12300228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             18726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19584498                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       122366122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2796718                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3045099                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          411357613                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         316025208                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3331621                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              32989567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         110373313                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           135813237                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    110373313                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.673565                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.673565                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      658456571                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     203542605                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     144915167                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        37502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295090188                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21689570                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17790837                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2121340                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8969720                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8478745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2223687                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        94999                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    206997965                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            123269637                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21689570                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10702432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            27118614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       6021404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     19450909                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles            6                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12752072                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2109289                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    257430562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585471                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922382                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      230311948     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        2936336      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        3401797      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        1868757      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2166252      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1183227      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         804655      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        2097782      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12659808      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    257430562                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.073501                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.417735                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      205332037                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     21148945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        26903646                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles       202645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3843287                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3516681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        19782                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    150475604                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        98022                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3843287                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      205649030                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6896218                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     13352534                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        26798514                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       890977                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    150384475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          228                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       235909                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       410082                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    208987867                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    700187058                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    700187058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    178509194                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       30478673                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        39238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21827                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2387291                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14355971                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7816249                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       205615                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1734798                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        150136363                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39313                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       141883800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       196592                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18729095                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43369413                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4253                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    257430562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    197634678     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24055844      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12915693      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8951737      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7822267      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      4003396      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       958161      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       623943      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       464843      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    257430562                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         37070     12.15%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       130572     42.79%     54.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       137474     45.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118768928     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2219804      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17384      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13116054      9.24%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7761630      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    141883800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.480815                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            305116                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002150                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    541699870                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    168906117                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139542820                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    142188916                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       358060                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2528140                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          912                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1349                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       163658                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8689                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4189                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3843287                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       6372748                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       156784                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    150175801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14355971                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7816249                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21803                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109374                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1349                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1229995                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1191269                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2421264                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139806081                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12321848                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2077719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 125                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           20081668                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19564285                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7759820                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.473774                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            139544918                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           139542820                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        82948007                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       217239440                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.472882                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381828                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    104824644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    128607277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21570052                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35060                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2133525                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253587275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323674                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    201046747     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24368165      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10206907      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      6137394      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4248357      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2742298      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1422691      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1145676      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2269040      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253587275                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    104824644                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    128607277                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19480422                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11827831                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17492                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18406053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       115944505                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2616540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2269040                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          401494862                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         304198028                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3169408                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              37659626                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         104824644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           128607277                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    104824644                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.815084                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.815084                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.355229                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.355229                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      630635919                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     193681715                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     140434444                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35028                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32433                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587214                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167874                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.868594                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.214516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.402732                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1667.146407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.823559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001661                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.178137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8475                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8475                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40731                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40732                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32353                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32390                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32386                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32423                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30188616136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30244311744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     29707148                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     29707148                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30218323284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30274018892                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     55695608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30218323284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30274018892                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             73016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8475                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8475                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443601                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.443210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.443210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933100.984020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933754.607718                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 900216.606061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 900216.606061                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933067.476193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933720.472874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1505286.702703                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933067.476193                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933720.472874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4841                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32353                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27347495734                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27399942742                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     26809237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     26809237                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27374304971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27426751979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     52447008                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27374304971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27426751979                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.443325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443601                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442934                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443210                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442934                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443210                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845284.694897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845938.337203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 812401.121212                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 812401.121212                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845251.187890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845904.203158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1417486.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845251.187890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845904.203158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        20102                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.834313                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         161450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        22150                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         7.288939                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.565013                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.040102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1678.077773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         338.151425                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.819374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.165113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37766                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 37767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                6875                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  37843                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        37842                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 37843                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               20101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                20101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               20101                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61940641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16115083050                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16177023691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61940641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16115083050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    16177023691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61940641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  16115083050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   16177023691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        57834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             57868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            6875                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        57910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              57944                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        57910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             57944                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346993                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.347360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346904                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346904                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1876989.121212                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803023.871337                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 804787.010149                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1876989.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803023.871337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 804787.010149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1876989.121212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803023.871337                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 804787.010149                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    2710                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           20101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        20068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          20101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59043241                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14352451834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14411495075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59043241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14352451834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14411495075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59043241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  14352451834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14411495075                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346993                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.347360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346904                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.346538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346904                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1789189.121212                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715190.942496                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716954.135366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1789189.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715190.942496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716954.135366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1789189.121212                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715190.942496                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 716954.135366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         9502                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.224478                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         219082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        11550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        18.968139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.081021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.710628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1412.992784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         590.440045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.689938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.288301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 31185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                9719                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  31420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        31418                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 31420                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                9502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 9502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                9502                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104956372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7665102942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7770059314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104956372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7665102942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     7770059314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104956372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   7665102942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    7770059314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40646                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             40687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            9719                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              40922                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40881                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             40922                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231477                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231477                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2691189.025641                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 810007.708126                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817728.826984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2691189.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 810007.708126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817728.826984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2691189.025641                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 810007.708126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817728.826984                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4995                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4995                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            9502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           9502                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101532172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6834120306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6935652478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101532172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6834120306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6935652478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    101532172                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6834120306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6935652478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.232815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233539                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231477                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.231477                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2603389.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722193.839797                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729915.015576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2603389.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722193.839797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729915.015576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2603389.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 722193.839797                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729915.015576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         9497                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.224085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         219168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        11545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        18.983803                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.078508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.109406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1411.984332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         592.051838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.689445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.289088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 31249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9741                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  31484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31482                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 31484                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                9497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 9497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                9497                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99520630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7724630973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7824151603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99520630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7724630973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     7824151603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99520630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   7724630973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    7824151603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             40746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9741                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              40981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        40942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             40981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233078                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231059                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231059                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2689746.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816557.185307                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 823855.070338                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2689746.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816557.185307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 823855.070338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2689746.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816557.185307                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 823855.070338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4993                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4993                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9497                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            9497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         9460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           9497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96271104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6893827611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6990098715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96271104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6893827611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6990098715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     96271104                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6893827611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6990098715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231059                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.231059                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2601921.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728734.419767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736032.295988                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2601921.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728734.419767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736032.295988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2601921.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728734.419767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 736032.295988                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        20150                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.848342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         161724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        22198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                         7.285521                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.580400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.143176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1680.157537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         335.967230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014444                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.820389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.164046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 38007                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                6909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                  73                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  38080                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38079                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 38080                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               20149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                20149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               20149                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66892257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15705922926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15772815183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66892257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15705922926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15772815183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     66892257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15705922926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15772815183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58121                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             58156                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            6909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total              73                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              58229                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        58194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             58229                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345654                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345654                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967419.323529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 780806.508874                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 782808.833342                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967419.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 780806.508874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 782808.833342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1967419.323529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 780806.508874                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 782808.833342                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           20149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        20115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          20149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63907026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13939652980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003560006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63907026                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13939652980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003560006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     63907026                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13939652980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14003560006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346465                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879618.411765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 692997.911012                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695000.248449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879618.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 692997.911012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695000.248449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1879618.411765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 692997.911012                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 695000.248449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        38070                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.935453                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         207568                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        40118                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.173937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.729522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.815058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1820.703869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         221.687004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.889016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.108246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45033                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 45034                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               14294                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  45067                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        45066                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 45067                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37984                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               38024                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                38070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38030                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               38070                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     83177882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35792315500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35875493382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     72284365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     72284365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     83177882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35864599865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    35947777747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     83177882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  35864599865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   35947777747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83017                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             83058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           14294                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83096                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              83137                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        83096                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             83137                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457801                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.582278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.582278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457663                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457663                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079447.050000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942299.797283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943496.038870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1571399.239130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1571399.239130                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079447.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 943060.737970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944254.734620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2079447.050000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 943060.737970                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944254.734620                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5972                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5972                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        37984                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           38070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        38030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          38070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79665882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32456902491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32536568373                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     68245565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68245565                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79665882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32525148056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32604813938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     79665882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  32525148056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32604813938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.582278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457663                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457919                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.457663                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457919                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1991647.050000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854488.797678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855685.050836                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1483599.239130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1483599.239130                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1991647.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 855249.751670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856443.759863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1991647.050000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 855249.751670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856443.759863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        13286                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.469020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         196509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        15334                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        12.815247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.967826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.783634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1533.201360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         482.516200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.748633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.235604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31699                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 31701                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total               10199                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  31867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        31865                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 31867                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               13281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                13281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13240                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               13281                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71307240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10924423700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10995730940                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71307240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10924423700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    10995730940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71307240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  10924423700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   10995730940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        44939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             44982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total           10199                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        45105                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              45148                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        45105                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             45148                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294622                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295251                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293537                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293537                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1739200.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825107.530211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827929.443566                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1739200.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825107.530211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827929.443566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1739200.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 825107.530211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827929.443566                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    5836                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           13280                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        13239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          13280                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67706907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9761537010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9829243917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67706907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9761537010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9829243917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67706907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   9761537010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9829243917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.294599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295229                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293515                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.293515                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1651387.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737331.898935                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740153.909413                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1651387.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737331.898935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740153.909413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1651387.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 737331.898935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740153.909413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        38060                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.937374                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         207546                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        40108                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.174678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.665033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.839769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1821.338363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         221.094209                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000898                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.889325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.107956                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        44975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 44976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14330                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               14330                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        45007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  45008                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        45007                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 45008                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37972                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               38014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38018                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                38060                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38018                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               38060                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80564242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35832656584                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35913220826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67033539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     67033539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80564242                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35899690123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    35980254365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80564242                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  35899690123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   35980254365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        82947                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             82990                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           14330                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              83068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             83068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.589744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.589744                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457910                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457910                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458179                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1918196.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 943659.975350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 944736.697690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1457250.847826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1457250.847826                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1918196.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944281.396260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945356.131503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1918196.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944281.396260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945356.131503                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5963                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5963                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        37972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           38060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        38018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          38060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76876605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32498475699                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32575352304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     62994739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62994739                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76876605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32561470438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32638347043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     76876605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  32561470438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32638347043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.589744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.589744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458179                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.457910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458179                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1830395.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 855853.673733                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856930.402062                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1369450.847826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1369450.847826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1830395.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 856475.102267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857549.843484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1830395.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 856475.102267                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857549.843484                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        32422                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.588981                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         167924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        34470                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         4.871598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.506554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.186626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1667.286831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         365.608970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001556                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.814105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.178520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 40677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8473                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8473                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  40783                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        40782                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 40783                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32342                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               32380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32374                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                32412                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32374                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               32412                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67817330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29903461438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   29971278768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     25446926                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25446926                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67817330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29928908364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    29996725694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     67817330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  29928908364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   29996725694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73018                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             73057                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8473                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8473                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              73195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             73195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442932                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442534                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442534                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1784666.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 924601.491497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 925610.832860                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 795216.437500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 795216.437500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1784666.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 924473.601161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 925482.095952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1784666.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 924473.601161                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 925482.095952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               4844                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    4844                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           32412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        32374                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          32412                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64479964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  27063345485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27127825449                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22636776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22636776                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64479964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  27085982261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27150462225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64479964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  27085982261                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27150462225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442932                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442817                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.442534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442817                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1696841.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836786.391843                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837795.721093                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 707399.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 707399.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1696841.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836658.499444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837666.982136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1696841.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 836658.499444                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 837666.982136                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        32327                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.588255                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         167799                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        34374                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         4.881567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.096387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.608808                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1668.332939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         363.550121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.814616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.177515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40566                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 40567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8458                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8458                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  40672                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        40671                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 40672                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               32285                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                32318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32279                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               32318                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101137610                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30234462227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30335599837                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     30965147                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     30965147                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101137610                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30265427374                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    30366564984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101137610                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  30265427374                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   30366564984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             72852                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8458                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8458                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              72990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             72990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442481                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442773                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442481                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442773                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593272.051282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937618.998542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939619.013071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 938337.787879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938337.787879                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593272.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937619.733387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939617.704808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2593272.051282                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 937619.733387                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939617.704808                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4834                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4834                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32279                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           32318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        32279                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          32318                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     97700531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27401209905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27498910436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     28064462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28064462                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     97700531                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27429274367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27526974898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     97700531                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  27429274367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27526974898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442773                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.442481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442773                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2505141.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849755.315543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851755.008084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 850438.242424                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850438.242424                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2505141.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849756.013724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851753.663531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2505141.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 849756.013724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851753.663531                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        38059                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.937309                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         207536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        40107                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.174558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.664428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.055540                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1818.695195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         223.522147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.888035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.109142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        44974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 44975                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14322                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total               14322                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  31                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45005                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  45006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        45005                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 45006                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37968                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               38012                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                38059                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38015                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               38059                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     93747799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35787754131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   35881501930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     73672028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     73672028                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     93747799                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35861426159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    35955173958                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     93747799                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  35861426159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   35955173958                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             82987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14322                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total           14322                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83020                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              83065                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        83020                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             83065                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458048                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.602564                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2130631.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942576.752291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 943951.960697                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1567489.957447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567489.957447                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2130631.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943349.366276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 944721.983184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2130631.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943349.366276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 944721.983184                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5964                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5964                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        37968                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          38012                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38015                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           38059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        38015                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          38059                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89884599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32453838496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32543723095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     69545428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69545428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89884599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32523383924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32613268523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     89884599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  32523383924                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32613268523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458048                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.602564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2042831.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854768.186262                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856143.404583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1479689.957447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1479689.957447                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2042831.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855540.810838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856913.437636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2042831.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 855540.810838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 856913.437636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        37991                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.936688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         207363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        40039                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.179025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.658221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.853065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1821.516474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         220.908927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.889412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.107866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 44884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14241                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               14241                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  44914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        44913                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 44914                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37903                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               37943                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                48                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37951                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                37991                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37951                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               37991                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95353965                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36039543793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36134897758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     77835087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     77835087                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95353965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36117378880                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    36212732845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95353965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  36117378880                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   36212732845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             82827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14241                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           14241                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              78                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82864                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              82905                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        82864                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             82905                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457843                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.458099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.615385                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2383849.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 950836.181648                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 952346.882376                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1621564.312500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1621564.312500                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2383849.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951684.511080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 953192.409913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2383849.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 951684.511080                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 953192.409913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5956                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5956                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37903                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           37991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        37951                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          37991                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91839010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32710820205                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32802659215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73619992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73619992                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91839010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32784440197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32876279207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     91839010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  32784440197                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32876279207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.615385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458247                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.457991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458247                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2295975.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 863014.014854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 864524.661071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1533749.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1533749.833333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2295975.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 863862.354009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865370.198389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2295975.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 863862.354009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 865370.198389                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        32321                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.588083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         167840                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        34368                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         4.883613                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.388570                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     3.220285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1666.463531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         365.515697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.006049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.813703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.178474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 40606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8459                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8459                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  40712                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40711                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 40712                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               32281                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                32                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                32313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32274                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               32313                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82470893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30193841672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30276312565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     27026449                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27026449                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82470893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30220868121                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    30303339014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82470893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  30220868121                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   30303339014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             72887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8459                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8459                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              73025                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             73025                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442891                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.231884                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442492                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442492                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2114638.282051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936475.456609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937898.843437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844576.531250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 844576.531250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2114638.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936384.337888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 937806.425092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2114638.282051                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 936384.337888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 937806.425092                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4834                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4834                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           32313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        32274                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          32313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79045780                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27362350414                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27441396194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     24215440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24215440                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79045780                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27386565854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27465611634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79045780                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  27386565854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27465611634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442599                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442891                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442492                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.442200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442492                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2026814.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848655.493270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 850078.875933                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 756732.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756732.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2026814.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848564.350685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849986.433757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2026814.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 848564.350685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 849986.433757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        20543                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.545294                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         233263                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        22591                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        10.325484                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.022407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.607175                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1666.902505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         346.013207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015636                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.813917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.168952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38115                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               20798                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38276                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38277                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               20525                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20491                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                20528                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20491                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               20528                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17337673541                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17405586958                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2837555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2837555                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17340511096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    17408424513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     67913417                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17340511096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   17408424513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             58640                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           20798                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              58805                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        58767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             58805                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349613                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.018182                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348682                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349086                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348682                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349086                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 846235.530115                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848018.853009                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 945851.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945851.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 846250.114489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848033.150477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1835497.756757                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 846250.114489                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848033.150477                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks              11056                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                   11056                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20525                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           20528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        20491                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          20528                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15538389425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15603054242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      2574155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2574155                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15540963580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15605628397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     64664817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  15540963580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15605628397                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.349613                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350017                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018182                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349086                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.348682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349086                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 758414.165609                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760197.527016                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 858051.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858051.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 758428.753111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760211.827601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1747697.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 758428.753111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 760211.827601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        13291                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.464983                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         196516                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        15339                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        12.811526                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.963427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.783248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1533.219324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         482.498984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.748642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.235595                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 31705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               10202                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  31872                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31870                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 31872                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13245                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               13286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13245                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                13286                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13245                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               13286                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73391109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10939086286                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11012477395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73391109                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10939086286                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    11012477395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73391109                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10939086286                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   11012477395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        44948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             44991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           10202                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        45115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              45158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        45115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             45158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295304                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293583                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293583                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1790027.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 825903.079351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828878.322670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1790027.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 825903.079351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828878.322670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1790027.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 825903.079351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828878.322670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5837                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5837                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13244                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           13285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13244                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          13285                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69791309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9775789569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845580878                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69791309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9775789569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845580878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     69791309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9775789569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9845580878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295281                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293561                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294189                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293561                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294189                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1702227.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 738129.686575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741105.071735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1702227.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 738129.686575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741105.071735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1702227.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 738129.686575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741105.071735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20522                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.527413                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         233273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        10.335534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.255553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.691952                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1667.927642                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         344.652266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.814418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.168287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38131                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks          20795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total               20795                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 163                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38293                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38293                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38294                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 6                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20469                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20507                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79303385                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17286022653                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   17365326038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3986701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3986701                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79303385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17290009354                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    17369312739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79303385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  17290009354                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   17369312739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             58632                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        20795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total           20795                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             169                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58762                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              58801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58762                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             58801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349655                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.035503                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2086931.184211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844745.279431                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847047.755622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 664450.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 664450.166667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2086931.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844692.430212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 846994.330668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2086931.184211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844692.430212                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 846994.330668                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks              11065                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                   11065                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20501                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75965823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15489144896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15565110719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      3459901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3459901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75965823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15492604797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15568570620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     75965823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15492604797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15568570620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.349240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035503                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348337                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.348337                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999100.605263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756934.217661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759236.657675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 576650.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 576650.166667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999100.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756881.371684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759183.235968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1999100.605263                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 756881.371684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759183.235968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.078067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012386964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1917399.553030                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.078067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.059420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844676                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12378915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12378915                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12378915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12378915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12378915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12378915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88918032                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12378975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12378975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12378975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12378975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12378975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12378975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1481967.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56089352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1476035.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180704178                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2462.815722                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.177806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.822194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085243                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8581262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581262                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108510                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20316                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15689772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15689772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15689772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       189915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189915                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          991                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       190906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       190906                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83480113914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83480113914                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    396082468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    396082468                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83876196382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83876196382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83876196382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83876196382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8771177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20316                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15880678                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15880678                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021652                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012021                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012021                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439565.668399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439565.668399                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 399679.584258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 399679.584258                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439358.618283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439358.618283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 439358.618283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439358.618283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       525123                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       525123                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8475                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       116937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       116937                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          852                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117789                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117789                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33125553197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33125553197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     36835142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36835142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33162388339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33162388339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33162388339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33162388339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453911.496574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453911.496574                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 265001.021583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265001.021583                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453552.365920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453552.365920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453552.365920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453552.365920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              559.195583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              926746326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1651954.235294                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    33.189414                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.006169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.053188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12927779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12927779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12927779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12927779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12927779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12927779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86000099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86000099                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86000099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86000099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     86000099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86000099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12927829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12927829                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12927829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12927829                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12927829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12927829                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1720001.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1720001.980000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1720001.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1720001.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1720001.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1720001.980000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62313523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62313523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62313523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62313523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62313523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62313523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1832750.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832750.676471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1832750.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832750.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1832750.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1832750.676471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                57910                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              224780208                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                58166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              3864.460475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.472320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.527680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.790908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.209092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     19011988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19011988                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3648633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3648633                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8637                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8563                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     22660621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       22660621                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     22660621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      22660621                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       204522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       204847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       204847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       204847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       204847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  92760457560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92760457560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28090855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28090855                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  92788548415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92788548415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  92788548415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92788548415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     19216510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19216510                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3648958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3648958                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8637                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8563                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     22865468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22865468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     22865468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22865468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008959                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008959                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453547.577082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453547.577082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86433.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86433.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452965.132099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452965.132099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 452965.132099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452965.132099                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6875                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       146688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       146937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       146937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       146937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       146937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        57910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        57910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        57910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        57910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18758376118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18758376118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4955538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4955538                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18763331656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18763331656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  18763331656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18763331656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003010                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324348.585918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324348.585918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 65204.447368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65204.447368                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324008.490002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324008.490002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 324008.490002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 324008.490002                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              494.393476                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1011205285                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2038720.332661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.393476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792297                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13842765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13842765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13842765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       13842765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     13842765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      13842765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    160894492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160894492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    160894492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160894492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    160894492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160894492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13842820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13842820                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13842820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     13842820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     13842820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     13842820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2925354.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2925354.400000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2925354.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2925354.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2925354.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2925354.400000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2729738                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909912.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105430035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105430035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105430035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105430035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105430035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105430035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2571464.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571464.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2571464.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571464.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2571464.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2571464.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                40881                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165651529                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                41137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4026.825704                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.335310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.664690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     11042054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11042054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8204816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8204816                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        21369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21369                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19246870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       19246870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19246870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      19246870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       105275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105275                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2378                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       107653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       107653                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       107653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       107653                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  23449962007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23449962007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    153829299                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    153829299                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  23603791306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23603791306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  23603791306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23603791306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     11147329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11147329                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8207194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8207194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        21369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21369                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19954                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19354523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19354523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19354523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19354523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000290                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005562                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 222749.579739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222749.579739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64688.519344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64688.519344                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219258.091330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219258.091330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219258.091330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219258.091330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        63967                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  9138.142857                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            9719                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        64629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64629                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        66772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66772                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        66772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66772                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40881                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        40881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40881                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9771501848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9771501848                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     17120949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17120949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9788622797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9788622797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   9788622797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9788622797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240405.005363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240405.005363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 72855.102128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72855.102128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239441.862895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239441.862895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239441.862895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239441.862895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              492.491373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011199000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             2046961.538462                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.491373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.060082                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13836480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13836480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13836480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13836480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13836480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13836480                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    152754225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    152754225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    152754225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    152754225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    152754225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    152754225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13836532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13836532                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13836532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13836532                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13836532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13836532                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2937581.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2937581.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2937581.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2937581.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2937581.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2937581.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2070693                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       690231                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99969436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     99969436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99969436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     99969436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99969436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     99969436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2563318.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563318.871795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2563318.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563318.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2563318.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2563318.871795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                40942                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              165642511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                41198                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4020.644473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.332677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.667323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data     11037216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11037216                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8200621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8200621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        21394                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21394                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19237837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       19237837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     19237837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      19237837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       105544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       107935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       107935                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       107935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       107935                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23584418456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23584418456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    154327167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154327167                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23738745623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23738745623                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23738745623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23738745623                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     11142760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11142760                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8203012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8203012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        21394                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21394                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19944                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19345772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19345772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     19345772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19345772                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009472                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223455.795270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223455.795270                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64545.030113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64545.030113                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 219935.568842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219935.568842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 219935.568842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219935.568842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           72                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    14.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9741                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        64837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        66993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        66993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66993                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        40942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9835481537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9835481537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     17105530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17105530                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9852587067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9852587067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9852587067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9852587067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 241616.467364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241616.467364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72789.489362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72789.489362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 240647.429705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240647.429705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 240647.429705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240647.429705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              559.503239                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              926794363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1649100.290036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    34.372849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.130390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.055085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12975816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12975816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12975816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12975816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12975816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12975816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     91837959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91837959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     91837959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91837959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     91837959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91837959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12975866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12975866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12975866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12975866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12975866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12975866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1836759.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1836759.180000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1836759.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1836759.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1836759.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1836759.180000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67251825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67251825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67251825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67251825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     67251825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67251825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1921480.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921480.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1921480.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921480.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1921480.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1921480.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                58194                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              224863399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                58450                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3847.106912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   202.485888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    53.514112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.790961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.209039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19081709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19081709                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      3662041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3662041                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         8594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8594                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     22743750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       22743750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     22743750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      22743750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          301                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       205731                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       205731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       205731                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  90427817882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90427817882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     25833553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25833553                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  90453651435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90453651435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  90453651435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90453651435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19287139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19287139                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      3662342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3662342                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         8594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8594                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     22949481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22949481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     22949481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22949481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010651                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000082                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008965                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 440187.985601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440187.985601                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85825.757475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85825.757475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 439669.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439669.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 439669.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439669.526882                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            6909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          228                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       147537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        58194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18364885266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18364885266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      4735942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4735942                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18369621208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18369621208                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  18369621208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18369621208                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 315976.759966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315976.759966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64875.917808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64875.917808                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 315661.772829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315661.772829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 315661.772829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315661.772829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              579.206756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1037084379                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1775829.416096                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    38.917979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.288777                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.062369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.865847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12143053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12143053                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12143053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12143053                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12143053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12143053                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110849330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110849330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110849330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110849330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110849330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110849330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12143117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12143117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12143117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12143117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12143117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12143117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1732020.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1732020.781250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1732020.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1732020.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1732020.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1732020.781250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     83586779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83586779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     83586779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83586779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     83586779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83586779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2038701.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038701.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2038701.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038701.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2038701.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2038701.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                83096                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              448778190                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                83352                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5384.132234                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.913253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.086747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     31807006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31807006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17416121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17416121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8496                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49223127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       49223127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     49223127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      49223127                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       304629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          295                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       304924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       304924                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       304924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       304924                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148724961966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148724961966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    250673214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    250673214                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148975635180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148975635180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 148975635180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148975635180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     32111635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32111635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17416416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17416416                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8518                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8496                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49528051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49528051                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     49528051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49528051                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 488216.689698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488216.689698                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 849739.708475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 849739.708475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 488566.446656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488566.446656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 488566.446656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488566.446656                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           14294                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       221828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221828                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        83017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        83096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83096                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39183196787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39183196787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     74837607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74837607                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39258034394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39258034394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  39258034394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39258034394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 471990.035619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471990.035619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 947311.481013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 947311.481013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 472441.927337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472441.927337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 472441.927337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472441.927337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              517.065343                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1007704325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1945375.144788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    42.065343                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.067412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828630                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13441223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13441223                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13441223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       13441223                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     13441223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      13441223                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87817285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87817285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87817285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87817285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87817285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87817285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13441279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13441279                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13441279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     13441279                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     13441279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     13441279                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1568165.803571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1568165.803571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1568165.803571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1568165.803571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1568165.803571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1568165.803571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       324947                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71791737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71791737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71791737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71791737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71791737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71791737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669575.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669575.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669575.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669575.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1669575.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1669575.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                45105                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167299405                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                45361                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3688.177179                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.632262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.367738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.912626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.087374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9251110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9251110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7786227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7786227                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        20438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20438                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18747                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18747                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17037337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       17037337                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     17037337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      17037337                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       144244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       145222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       145222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       145222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       145222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  49047088400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49047088400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     82490980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82490980                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  49129579380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49129579380                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  49129579380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49129579380                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9395354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9395354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7787205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7787205                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        20438                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20438                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18747                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17182559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17182559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17182559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17182559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 340028.620948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340028.620948                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 84346.605317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84346.605317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338306.726116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338306.726116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 338306.726116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338306.726116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total           10199                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       100117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       100117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100117                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        44939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        45105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        45105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45105                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13100940701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13100940701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10726991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10726991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13111667692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13111667692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13111667692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13111667692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004783                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 291527.196889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291527.196889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64620.427711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64620.427711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 290692.111562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290692.111562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 290692.111562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290692.111562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              579.421937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1037084102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1769768.092150                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.565006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.856932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.866758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12142776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12142776                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12142776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12142776                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12142776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12142776                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    110516179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110516179                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    110516179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110516179                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    110516179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110516179                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12142835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12142835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12142835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12142835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12142835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12142835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1873155.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1873155.576271                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1873155.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1873155.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1873155.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1873155.576271                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80978634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80978634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80978634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80978634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     80978634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80978634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1883224.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1883224.046512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1883224.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1883224.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1883224.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1883224.046512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                83025                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              448750223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                83281                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5388.386583                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.912774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.087226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     31787899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31787899                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17407270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17407270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8513                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8513                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     49195169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       49195169                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     49195169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      49195169                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       304023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304023                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          309                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       304332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       304332                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       304332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       304332                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148427833552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148427833552                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    264527221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    264527221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148692360773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148692360773                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 148692360773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148692360773                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     32091922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32091922                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17407579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17407579                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8513                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49499501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49499501                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     49499501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49499501                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 488212.515343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 488212.515343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 856075.148867                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856075.148867                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 488586.020441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 488586.020441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 488586.020441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 488586.020441                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1262520                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1262520                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           14330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       221076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       221307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       221307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221307                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        82947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        83025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        83025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83025                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  39219793252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39219793252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     69561299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69561299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  39289354551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39289354551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  39289354551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39289354551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 472829.556850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472829.556850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 891811.525641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 891811.525641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473223.180379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473223.180379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 473223.180379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473223.180379                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              527.898062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1012404639                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1913808.391304                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.898062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.060734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12396590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12396590                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12396590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12396590                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12396590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12396590                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104336638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104336638                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104336638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104336638                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    104336638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104336638                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12396650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12396650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12396650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12396650                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12396650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12396650                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1738943.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1738943.966667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1738943.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1738943.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1738943.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1738943.966667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68225515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68225515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68225515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68225515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     68225515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68225515                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1749372.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749372.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1749372.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749372.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1749372.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1749372.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                73156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              180714105                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                73412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              2461.642579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   234.177082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    21.822918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.914754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.085246                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8587289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8587289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7112132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7112132                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        20587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20587                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15699421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15699421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15699421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15699421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       190870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          966                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       191836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       191836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       191836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       191836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  83515304134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83515304134                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    348856471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    348856471                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  83864160605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83864160605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  83864160605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83864160605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8778159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8778159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7113098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7113098                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        20587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20587                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15891257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15891257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15891257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15891257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.021744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437550.710609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437550.710609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 361135.063147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 361135.063147                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437165.915704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437165.915704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 437165.915704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437165.915704                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       989096                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       494548                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8473                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       117852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117852                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       118680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       118680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118680                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32843535694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32843535694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     32545578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32545578                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32876081272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32876081272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32876081272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32876081272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004604                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449800.538141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449800.538141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 235837.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 235837.521739                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449396.922631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449396.922631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 449396.922631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449396.922631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              528.943197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012368242                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1910128.758491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.943197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.062409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.847665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12360193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12360193                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12360193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12360193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12360193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12360193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165284693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165284693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165284693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165284693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165284693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165284693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12360259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12360259                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12360259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12360259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12360259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12360259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2504313.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2504313.530303                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2504313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2504313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2504313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2504313.530303                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       743970                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101544076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101544076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101544076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101544076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    101544076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101544076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2538601.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538601.900000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2538601.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538601.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2538601.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2538601.900000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72950                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              180673482                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73206                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              2468.014671                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   234.183032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    21.816968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.914777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.085223                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8563411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8563411                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7095645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7095645                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        20366                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20366                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15659056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15659056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15659056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15659056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       189611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1023                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       190634                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       190634                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  83633197174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83633197174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    409622476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    409622476                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84042819650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84042819650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84042819650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84042819650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8753022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8753022                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7096668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7096668                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        20366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15849690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15849690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15849690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15849690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021662                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012028                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 441077.770667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441077.770667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 400412.977517                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 400412.977517                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440859.551024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440859.551024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 440859.551024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440859.551024                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       313117                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 156558.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8458                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       116799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       116799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       117684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       117684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117684                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33166146175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33166146175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     38034122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38034122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33204180297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33204180297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33204180297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33204180297                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455503.847923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455503.847923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 275609.579710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 275609.579710                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455163.540740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455163.540740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 455163.540740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 455163.540740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    4                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              579.490172                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1037087114                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1763753.595238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    39.461236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   540.028936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.063239                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.865431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12145788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12145788                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12145788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12145788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12145788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12145788                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    125808741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    125808741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    125808741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    125808741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    125808741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    125808741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12145851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12145851                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12145851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12145851                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12145851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12145851                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1996964.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1996964.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1996964.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1996964.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1996964.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1996964.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       619032                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94178543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94178543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94178543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94178543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     94178543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94178543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2092856.511111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2092856.511111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2092856.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2092856.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2092856.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2092856.511111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                83020                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              448751962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                83276                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              5388.730991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   111.912687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   144.087313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.437159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.562841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     31788175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31788175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     17408729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17408729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8517                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49196904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       49196904                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     49196904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      49196904                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          303                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       304451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       304451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       304451                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148270519566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 148270519566                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    270060411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    270060411                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148540579977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 148540579977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 148540579977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 148540579977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     32092323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32092323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17409032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17409032                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8517                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8492                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49501355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49501355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     49501355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49501355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 487494.639340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487494.639340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 891288.485149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 891288.485149                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 487896.508722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487896.508722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 487896.508722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487896.508722                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total           14322                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          225                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       221431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221431                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        82942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        83020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        83020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        83020                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39174186375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39174186375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     76126540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76126540                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39250312915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39250312915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  39250312915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39250312915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472308.195787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472308.195787                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 975981.282051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 975981.282051                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472781.413093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472781.413093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 472781.413093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472781.413093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              578.894647                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1037062029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1775791.145548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.681745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   540.212902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.865726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.927716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12120703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12120703                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12120703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       12120703                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     12120703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      12120703                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    126289824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    126289824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    126289824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    126289824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    126289824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    126289824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12120766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12120766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12120766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     12120766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     12120766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     12120766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2004600.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2004600.380952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2004600.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2004600.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2004600.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2004600.380952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95753994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     95753994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95753994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     95753994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     95753994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     95753994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2335463.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2335463.268293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2335463.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2335463.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2335463.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2335463.268293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                82864                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              448638266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                83120                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5397.476732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.912186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.087814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562843                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     31714539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31714539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17368715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17368715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49083254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       49083254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     49083254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      49083254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       303902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       303902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       304207                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       304207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       304207                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149588748153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149588748153                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    300691118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    300691118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149889439271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 149889439271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149889439271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 149889439271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     32018441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32018441                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17369020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17369020                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8491                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49387461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49387461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     49387461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49387461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009491                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006160                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492226.928921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492226.928921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 985872.518033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 985872.518033                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492721.861335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492721.861335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 492721.861335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492721.861335                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1228092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1228092                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           14241                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       221343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221343                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           78                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        82864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82864                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39419765743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39419765743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     80236570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80236570                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39500002313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39500002313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  39500002313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39500002313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476164.638260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476164.638260                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1028673.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1028673.974359                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476684.716077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476684.716077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 476684.716077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 476684.716077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              528.235026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012375296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1910142.067925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    38.235026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.061274                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12367247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12367247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12367247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12367247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12367247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12367247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           69                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           69                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    146209763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146209763                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    146209763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146209763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    146209763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146209763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12367316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12367316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12367316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12367316                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12367316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12367316                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2118982.072464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2118982.072464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2118982.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2118982.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2118982.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2118982.072464                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82890228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82890228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82890228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82890228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     82890228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82890228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2072255.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072255.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2072255.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072255.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2072255.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2072255.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                72984                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180679006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                73240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2466.944375                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.186769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.813231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8568185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8568185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7096235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7096235                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        20526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20526                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15664420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15664420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15664420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15664420                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       190817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190817                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          997                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       191814                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       191814                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84432736852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84432736852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    372440968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    372440968                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84805177820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84805177820                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84805177820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84805177820                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8759002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8759002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7097232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7097232                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        20526                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20526                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16558                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15856234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15856234                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15856234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15856234                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442480.160845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442480.160845                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 373561.652959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 373561.652959                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442121.940109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442121.940109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 442121.940109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442121.940109                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8459                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       117970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118829                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118829                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        72985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33128646896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33128646896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     34126049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34126049                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33162772945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33162772945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  33162772945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33162772945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008317                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454770.229330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454770.229330                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 247290.210145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247290.210145                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454377.926218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454377.926218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 454377.926218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454377.926218                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              519.216194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1008314348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1939066.053846                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    37.216194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.059641                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832077                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12751902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12751902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12751902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       12751902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     12751902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      12751902                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     91948366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91948366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12751951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12751951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12751951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     12751951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     12751951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     12751951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1876497.265306                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68304574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68304574                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1797488.789474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                58767                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              172725378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                59023                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2926.407977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.936779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.063221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.913816                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.086184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8989032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8989032                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7605546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7605546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17506                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16594578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16594578                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16594578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16594578                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       200420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5909                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       206329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       206329                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       206329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       206329                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  84100887767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84100887767                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3850507026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3850507026                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  87951394793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87951394793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  87951394793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87951394793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9189452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9189452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7611455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7611455                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17506                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16800907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16800907                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16800907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16800907                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000776                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 419623.230052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 419623.230052                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 651634.291081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651634.291081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 426267.731599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426267.731599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 426267.731599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426267.731599                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     52569229                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets           101                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 520487.415842                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           20798                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       141818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141818                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       147562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147562                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        58767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20014545256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20014545256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     13444885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13444885                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20027990141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20027990141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  20027990141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20027990141                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006377                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003498                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341533.484454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341533.484454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 81484.151515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81484.151515                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340803.344411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340803.344411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 340803.344411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340803.344411                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.065477                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1007704167                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1945374.839768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.065477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13441065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13441065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13441065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13441065                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13441065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13441065                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94320498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94320498                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94320498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94320498                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     94320498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94320498                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13441125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13441125                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13441125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13441125                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13441125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13441125                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1572008.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1572008.300000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1572008.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1572008.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1572008.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1572008.300000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73878063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73878063                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73878063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73878063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73878063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73878063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1718094.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718094.488372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1718094.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718094.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1718094.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1718094.488372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                45115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167301959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                45371                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3687.420577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.635320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.364680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9251901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9251901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7787995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7787995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20429                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17039896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17039896                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17039896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17039896                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       144315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          986                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       145301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       145301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       145301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       145301                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  49088369464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49088369464                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     83249284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83249284                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  49171618748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49171618748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  49171618748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49171618748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9396216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9396216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7788981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7788981                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20429                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20429                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17185197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17185197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17185197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17185197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 340147.382213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340147.382213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84431.322515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84431.322515                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338412.115182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338412.115182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338412.115182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338412.115182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           10202                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          819                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100186                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        44948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        45115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        45115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13115921125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13115921125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10792551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10792551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13126713676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13126713676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13126713676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13126713676                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 291802.107435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291802.107435                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64626.053892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64626.053892                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 290961.180893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290961.180893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 290961.180893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290961.180893                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              519.363300                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1008314464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1935344.460653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.363300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059877                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.832313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12752018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12752018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12752018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12752018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12752018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12752018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104571973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104571973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104571973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104571973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    104571973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104571973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12752072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12752072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12752072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12752072                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12752072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12752072                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936518.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1936518.018519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936518.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1936518.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1936518.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1936518.018519                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79699429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79699429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79699429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79699429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79699429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79699429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043575.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043575.102564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043575.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043575.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2043575.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2043575.102564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                58762                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              172730569                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                59018                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2926.743858                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.934617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.065383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913807                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8990461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8990461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7609176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7609176                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16599637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16599637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16599637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16599637                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       200517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       200517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5920                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       206437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       206437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       206437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  84254729321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  84254729321                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3684486111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3684486111                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  87939215432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  87939215432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  87939215432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  87939215432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9190978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9190978                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7615096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7615096                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17514                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16806074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16806074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16806074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16806074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000777                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 420187.462016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420187.462016                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 622379.410642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622379.410642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 425985.726551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425985.726551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 425985.726551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425985.726551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     48514428                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets            99                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 490044.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        20795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total           20795                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       141924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       141924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         5751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5751                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147675                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          169                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58762                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58762                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19963703483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19963703483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14638211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14638211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19978341694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19978341694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  19978341694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19978341694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003496                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 340718.233970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340718.233970                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 86616.633136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 86616.633136                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 339987.435656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339987.435656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 339987.435656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339987.435656                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
