
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108753                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108753030795                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621362233683                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 306469                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383333                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1931076                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67748596                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 56317.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17259534584                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21588264031                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4293120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4302592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2266752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1077504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1077632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1078272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      1077120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      4304256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1076864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      3668480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      4305792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1077120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2277376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      3669632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1482240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38193536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80768                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     10901632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          10901632                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        33614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        33627                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        28660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        33639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        28669                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        11580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                298387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           85169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                85169                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39475865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        48256                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39562962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20843116                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9907807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9908984                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9914869                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      9904276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9912515                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50610                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     39578262                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data      9901922                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45902                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     33732209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     39592386                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44725                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9904276                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20940805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     33742802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49433                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13629413                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               351195141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        48256                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        42371                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        45902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        50610                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        43548                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45902                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        44725                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        47079                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        49433                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             742674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         100242098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              100242098                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         100242098                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39475865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        48256                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39562962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        42371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20843116                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9907807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        45902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9908984                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9914869                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      9904276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9912515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        50610                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     39578262                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        43548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data      9901922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45902                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     33732209                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     39592386                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        44725                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9904276                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20940805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        47079                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     33742802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        49433                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13629413                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              451437239                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17565862                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15850171                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       923966                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6698077                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6296167                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         970922                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41094                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186543471                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110377403                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17565862                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7267089                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21842732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2899578                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26086764                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10703494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       927434                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236425353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547714                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847330                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214582621     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         780731      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1596692      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         681079      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3628012      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3239419      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         631375      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1304674      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9980750      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236425353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067354                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423228                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184626263                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     28015645                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21762007                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69531                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1951901                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541404                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129431493                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2677                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1951901                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184871529                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      26034516                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1135081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21614065                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       818255                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129358776                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       417914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       267298                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        12476                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151862825                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609230534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609230534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17139965                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15469                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8035                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1882859                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30539239                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15446394                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       746706                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129113952                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15513                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124152837                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73543                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9936828                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23741257                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          533                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236425353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191814608     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13644740      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11025409      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4749106      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5938015      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5635025      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3204607      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255610      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158233      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236425353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312600     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2386487     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69812      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77879990     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082314      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29778062     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405039     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124152837                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476049                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2768899                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487573469                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139069518                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123093237                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126921736                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224684                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1191202                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          482                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3230                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101057                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10953                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1951901                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25397411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240419                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129129549                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1237                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30539239                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15446394                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8034                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       148913                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          145                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3230                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       541453                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1082946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123290042                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29680051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862795                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45083271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16154859                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403220                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472740                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123096435                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123093237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66499942                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131250390                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.471986                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506665                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11627264                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       944385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234473452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191689517     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15746278      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7336690      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211325      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1993573      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8255618      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627211      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458832      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154408      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234473452                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154408                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362462378                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260239363                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4009258                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24373283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.607986                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.607986                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383438                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383438                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609530157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142945543                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154131604                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       17590485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15873643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       920896                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6540535                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6301410                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         968294                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40718                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186617137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            110522631                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          17590485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7269704                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            21872037                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       2903517                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     26224701                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        10705428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       924547                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    236673462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847882                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      214801425     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         779601      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1606054      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         683725      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3632264      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3231582      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         626890      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1305031      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10006890      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    236673462                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067449                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      184715454                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     28137800                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        21791271                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        69835                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      1959096                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1542783                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          492                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    129621118                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2746                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      1959096                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      184961117                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      26177547                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1123148                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        21644483                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       808065                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    129545820                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents         3528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       406615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       267913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14137                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    152042166                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    610074563                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    610074563                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    134869570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       17172590                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15407                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1867573                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     30575131                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     15470832                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       141956                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       749144                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        129298046                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15453                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       124305835                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        81388                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10012087                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23986543                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          457                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236673462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192043928     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13622486      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11021745      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4762151      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5958737      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5641557      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3207805      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256581      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158472      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236673462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313357     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2388713     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69852      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77967112     62.72%     62.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1084599      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7440      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29825272     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15421412     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    124305835                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2771922                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022299                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488138442                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139328781                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123232931                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    127077757                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224301                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1194939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3199                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       108701                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10965                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           63                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      1959096                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      25562133                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       239924                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129313578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1460                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30575131                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15470832                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7966                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           99                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3199                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       538251                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       542434                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1080685                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123441272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29719101                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       864563                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           45138928                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16169228                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         15419827                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.473320                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            123236190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           123232931                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        66562693                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       131354053                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.472521                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506743                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100109049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    117644460                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11683483                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14996                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       941112                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234714366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191892537     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15754312      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7340230      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7223164      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1995786      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8265388      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627226      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459028      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1156695      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234714366                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    100109049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    117644460                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             44742315                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            29380189                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7486                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         15535597                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       104613956                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1139428                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1156695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          362885315                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         260615144                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4006980                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              24125174                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         100109049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           117644460                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    100109049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.605145                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.605145                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383856                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383856                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      610230513                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     143091350                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     154319779                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        14974                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19184711                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15732566                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1882082                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8079231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7501987                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1967724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84220                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183258700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            109002322                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19184711                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9469711                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23987939                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5333022                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17420404                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11292674                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1871456                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    228085037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.920834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      204097098     89.48%     89.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        2595899      1.14%     90.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        3003044      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        1655099      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1921871      0.84%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1051729      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         709740      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1857543      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       11193014      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    228085037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073561                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.417956                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      181784911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     18922966                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23799544                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles       177241                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3400372                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3113572                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        17623                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    133101019                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        87570                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3400372                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      182062116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       5883101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     12250423                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        23707578                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       781444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    133020553                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       205139                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       360696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents           66                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    184826974                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    619326046                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    619326046                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    157915183                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       26911791                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        35176                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19778                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         2102884                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12724296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6916208                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads       180331                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1534442                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        132805900                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35270                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       125545106                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177034                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16547914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38190672                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4255                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228085037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243083                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    175180209     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21280005      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11437363      5.01%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7908193      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6916937      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3550543      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       847874      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553215      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410698      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228085037                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32593     11.90%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119305     43.56%     55.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121999     44.54%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105091943     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1960790      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15378      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11609731      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6867264      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    125545106                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.481387                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            273897                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002182                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479626180                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149390291                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123462261                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    125819003                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316358                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2260684                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          720                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1210                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145884                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7693                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3707                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3400372                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5440944                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136161                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132841289                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        55149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12724296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6916208                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19777                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        94860                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1210                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1058095                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2148559                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123696265                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10903099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           17768817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17310468                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6865718                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.474298                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            123464099                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           123462261                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73386010                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       192246688                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.473401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381728                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92733083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    113771260                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19071164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31015                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1892944                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224684665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    178207904     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21554191      9.59%     88.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9033543      4.02%     92.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5421018      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3762080      1.67%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2423921      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1261715      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1013630      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006663      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224684665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     92733083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    113771260                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17233936                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10463612                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             15474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16282249                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       102569636                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2314636                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2006663                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          355519802                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         269085291                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2811859                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              32713599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          92733083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           113771260                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     92733083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.812358                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.812358                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.355573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.355573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      557959584                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     171350417                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     124189708                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        30986                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22631825                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18843997                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8606423                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8276235                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2434948                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95291                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196914110                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            124151954                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22631825                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10711183                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25880036                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5728450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17793192                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3163                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12228423                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1966891                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    244243095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      218363059     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1586841      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2000382      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        3185326      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1337950      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1716397      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1999367      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         915418      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       13138355      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    244243095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086779                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476045                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      195757924                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     19063991                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25757241                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        11971                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3651960                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3444371                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          552                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    151768436                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         2632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3651960                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      195956219                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        631160                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     17879535                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        25570843                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       553371                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    150834740                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        79690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       385980                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    210673442                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    701422519                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    701422519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    176294641                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       34378775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36447                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18963                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         1943210                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14127065                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7384677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83163                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1675244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        147274950                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36580                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141290589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141620                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17858735                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36363177                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1312                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244243095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184374762     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27305856     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11164848      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6256896      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8473509      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611216      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2566647      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380537      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108824      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244243095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974197     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132789     10.77%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125933     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119035150     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931273      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17483      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12944517      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7362166      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141290589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.541761                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232919                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008726                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528198807                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165170941                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137616851                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142523508                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2669160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103670                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3651960                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        480244                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60239                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147311537                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14127065                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7384677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18964                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1218040                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157355                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2375395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138832044                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12734062                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2458540                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20095482                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19634781                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7361420                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.532334                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            137617336                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           137616851                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        82451744                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       221493896                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.527675                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372253                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102564345                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    126382509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20929614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35268                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2074900                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240591135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187097470     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27112367     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9842943      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4901895      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4486934      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1882007      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1865850      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887652      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514017      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240591135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    102564345                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    126382509                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             18738909                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11457902                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18318489                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       113785678                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2609771                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2514017                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          385388526                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         298276237                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2987918                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              16555541                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         102564345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           126382509                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    102564345                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.542781                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.542781                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393270                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393270                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      624677566                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     192303288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     140354010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       22614385                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18833061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8798945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8283128                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435683                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95709                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196934748                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            124093952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          22614385                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10718811                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25871244                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5714093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17797872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12227282                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1966678                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    244243530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986692                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      218372286     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1585382      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2006391      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3191237      1.31%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1335284      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1715311      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2004023      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         911922      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       13121694      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    244243530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086712                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.475823                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      195781508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     19064079                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25748625                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        11875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3637435                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3437350                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          486                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    151651210                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2484                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3637435                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      195979172                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        628434                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     17884681                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        25562976                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       550825                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    150714972                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        79391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       384983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    210554827                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    700917065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    700917065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    176321515                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       34233306                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        36979                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19492                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         1936415                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14088314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7375561                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82284                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1660356                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        147157979                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37105                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141247866                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       137832                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17758839                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36003033                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1833                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244243530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578308                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302465                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184391975     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27304376     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11159097      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6247284      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8476524      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2605150      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2570353      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380688      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108083      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244243530                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974310     79.22%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129656     10.54%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125963     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119002955     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931830      1.37%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17486      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12942914      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7352681      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141247866                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.541597                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1229929                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008708                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528107023                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164954611                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137575118                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142477795                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104128                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2628646                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           47                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          691                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        93439                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3637435                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        478226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60831                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147195089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115532                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14088314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7375561                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19493                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        53197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           58                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          691                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1223920                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1148721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2372641                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138786815                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12731845                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2461051                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           20084008                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19626840                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7352163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            137575467                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           137575118                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        82439737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       221439758                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.527515                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102579992                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    126401829                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20793897                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35272                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2075200                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240606095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344043                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187106396     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27110799     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9843555      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4908297      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4485359      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1888217      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1861975      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887318      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514179      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240606095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    102579992                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    126401829                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             18741786                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11459664                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18321306                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       113803074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2610177                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2514179                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          385286927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         298028908                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2985446                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              16555106                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         102579992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           126401829                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    102579992                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.542393                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.542393                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393330                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393330                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      624520205                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     192262592                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     140287464                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35242                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       22650589                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18854914                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2054622                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8631096                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8280263                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2436994                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95463                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197070809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            124277663                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          22650589                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10717257                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            25897227                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5715844                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     17644497                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1631                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        12233930                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1963846                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    244256809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      218359582     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1588610      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1992150      0.82%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3188663      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1340076      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1718407      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2006060      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         919956      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       13143305      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    244256809                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086851                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.476527                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      195912271                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     18916334                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        25774055                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        12140                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3642001                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3451611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          551                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    151892044                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2628                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3642001                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      196110288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        631758                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     17731104                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        25588260                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       553391                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    150957894                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        80094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       385934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    210836271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    701985886                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    701985886                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    176526643                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       34309620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36653                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19146                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         1940277                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     14115717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7397623                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83399                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676807                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        147385661                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36782                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       141449979                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142427                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17786956                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36140278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1470                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244256809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303158                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184321987     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27335255     11.19%     86.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11180180      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6259489      2.56%     93.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8484400      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2614803      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2569526      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1382226      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108943      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244256809                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974863     79.10%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131460     10.67%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       126117     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119159989     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1933957      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17506      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12963394      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7375133      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    141449979                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.542372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232440                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008713                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528531634                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165210086                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137772393                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    142682419                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105290                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2642777                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          690                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107088                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3642001                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        480324                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60656                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147422449                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116384                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14115717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7397623                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19147                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52984                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          690                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1216306                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155340                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2371646                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138990640                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12752274                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2459339                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           20126767                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       19657476                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7374493                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532942                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            137772823                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           137772393                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        82532338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       221686753                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528271                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372293                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102699247                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    126548724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20874366                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35312                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2072249                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240614808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344769                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187055468     77.74%     77.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27141516     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9854014      4.10%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4913150      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4491329      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1887688      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1864273      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888624      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2518746      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240614808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    102699247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    126548724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             18763472                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            11472937                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             17616                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         18342601                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       113935308                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2613203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2518746                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          385518437                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         298488207                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2981982                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              16541827                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         102699247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           126548724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    102699247                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.539441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.539441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      625403601                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     192501458                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     140504374                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        35282                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       22618812                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18833157                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2053845                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8621029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8273887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2434894                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95334                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196767429                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            124084054                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          22618812                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     10708781                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25865795                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5719066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles     17967279                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12218101                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1962978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    244248819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987193                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      218383024     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1585304      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2001541      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3185991      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1331643      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1713207      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1999884      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         915660      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       13132565      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    244248819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.086729                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.475785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      195610802                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     19237583                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25742366                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        12014                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3646046                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3442270                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    151684697                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3646046                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      195809346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        632015                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles     18051943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25555775                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       553687                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    150748059                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        79472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       386613                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    210554792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    701030997                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    701030997                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    176219267                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       34335511                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        36504                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19027                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1943194                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     14120120                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      7382063                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83403                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1671533                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        147197275                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36635                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       141224096                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143305                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17840530                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36319535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1383                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244248819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302352                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184414052     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27285113     11.17%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11160674      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6254249      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8469748      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611677      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2564709      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379519      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       109078      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244248819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974214     79.01%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133011     10.79%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125865     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118974441     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930615      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17476      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12941876      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7359688      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    141224096                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.541506                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233090                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008731                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528073406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165075115                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137552102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    142457186                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105140                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2667075                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104140                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3646046                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        480749                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60513                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147233917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14120120                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7382063                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19028                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52664                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           62                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1216715                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2372506                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138767934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12729803                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2456162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           20088824                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       19624551                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          7359021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.532088                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            137552574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           137552102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        82417556                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       221406830                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.527426                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372245                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102520509                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    126328568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20905843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35252                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      2071423                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240602773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525050                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187135267     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27097265     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9837276      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4901959      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4483715      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1881673      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1864956      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887383      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2513279      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240602773                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts    102520509                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    126328568                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             18730966                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            11453043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             17586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         18310688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       113737121                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2608667                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2513279                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          385323190                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         298114893                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2983043                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              16549817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts         102520509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           126328568                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total    102520509                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.543868                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.543868                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393102                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393102                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      624394240                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     192209422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     140279939                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        35222                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       22636887                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18847832                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2057287                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8609293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8276792                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2436299                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95355                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196996542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            124192640                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          22636887                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     10713091                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            25886616                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5724502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17713247                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        12232153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1966651                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    244246729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624889                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987827                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      218360113     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1587096      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1999288      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3186869      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1339182      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1717096      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2001083      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         915913      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       13140089      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    244246729                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476201                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      195838425                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18984467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        25763681                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        12121                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3648027                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3445368                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    151806701                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2652                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3648027                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      196036729                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        631573                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     17799306                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        25577417                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       553670                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    150872750                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        79702                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       386148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    210731936                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    701608499                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    701608499                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    176391967                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       34339964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        36473                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18979                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         1943446                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     14123086                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      7387307                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        147310433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36607                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       141349625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141492                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17822944                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36255021                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1319                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244246729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302750                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184348707     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27323121     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11170215      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6257212      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8478996      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2611132      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2567416      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1381142      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108788      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244246729                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974977     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132231     10.72%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125997     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119082818     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1932502      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17493      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12951749      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7365063      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    141349625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.541988                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1233205                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008725                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528320676                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165170660                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137674293                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    142582830                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105427                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2658870                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           55                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102300                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648027                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        480289                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147347047                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115276                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14123086                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7387307                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18980                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           67                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1218464                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155944                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2374408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138890072                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12741089                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2459553                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           20105431                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       19642208                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          7364342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532557                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            137674763                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           137674293                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        82486790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       221580297                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.527895                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372266                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102620943                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    126452218                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20895459                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35288                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2074880                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240598702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187075574     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27126361     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9848160      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4905293      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4490061      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1884047      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1866188      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888093      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514925      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240598702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    102620943                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    126452218                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             18749220                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            11464213                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             17604                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         18328590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       113848448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2611210                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2514925                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          385430739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         298343399                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2986962                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              16551907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         102620943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           126452218                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    102620943                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.541378                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.541378                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393487                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393487                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      624950672                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     192382521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     140402566                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        35258                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       17611131                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15891749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       922732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6590838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6295487                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         972063                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40795                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186810500                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            110676360                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          17611131                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7267550                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            21890324                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       2912758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     26180582                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        10716878                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       926005                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    236848457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548199                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848370                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      214958133     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         780988      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1595295      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         680074      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3636424      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3246206      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         622344      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1314459      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10014534      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    236848457                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.067528                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.424375                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      184904143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     28098710                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        21809461                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        69569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      1966568                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1545163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          484                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    129776898                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2713                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      1966568                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      185149557                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles      26109389                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1152158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        21662553                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       808226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    129706111                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents         3546                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       408778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       266551                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11224                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    152278048                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    610870228                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    610870228                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    134984266                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       17293776                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        15539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1873257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     30602420                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     15472194                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140309                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       749092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        129459840                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       124390973                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        71423                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10090751                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24274454                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          572                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236848457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525192                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315946                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192189950     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13628175      5.75%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11035219      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4761540      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5958869      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5649565      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3210075      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       256523      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158541      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236848457                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313522     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2392980     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69903      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78035707     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086735      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7447      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29826381     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15434703     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    124390973                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.476962                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2776405                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022320                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488478231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139569371                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123326172                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    127167378                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       223102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1197842                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          466                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        97300                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10977                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      1966568                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles      25487730                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       242092                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129475504                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30602420                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15472194                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8089                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150315                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           98                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       535684                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547101                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1082785                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123521897                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29729788                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       869076                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           45162995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       16185264                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         15433207                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.473629                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            123329372                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           123326172                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        66634622                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       131585488                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.472879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.506398                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100193726                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    117743875                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11746006                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       942911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234881889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192025950     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15769351      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7345088      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7223323      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2000029      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8269994      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       630595      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       459749      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1157810      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234881889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    100193726                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    117743875                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             44779468                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            29404574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              7494                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         15548767                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       104702329                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1140394                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1157810                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          363213661                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         260946509                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4011990                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              23950179                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         100193726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           117743875                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    100193726                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.602944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.602944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.384180                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.384180                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      610639780                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     143216502                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     154509189                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        14990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22606914                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18824588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2052257                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8631197                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8272922                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2432220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95184                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196671809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            124007575                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22606914                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10705142                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25848774                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5713653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18105854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4080                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           93                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12211253                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961913                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    244273391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.623908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.986468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      218424617     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1584045      0.65%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        2002556      0.82%     90.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3180210      1.30%     92.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1331617      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1713741      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1999852      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         914006      0.37%     94.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       13122747      5.37%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    244273391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086683                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.475492                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195517792                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     19375468                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25726030                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11865                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3642228                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3439167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    151584629                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3642228                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      195715536                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        630817                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     18192438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25540194                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       552171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    150652096                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        79126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       385749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    210421887                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    700588298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    700588298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    176143992                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       34277879                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        36395                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18926                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1939066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     14104455                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7377315                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82920                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672554                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        147094449                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36529                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       141137551                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       140724                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17798563                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36220487                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1293                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244273391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577785                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301900                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184466606     75.52%     75.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27279321     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11151701      4.57%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6253111      2.56%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8465114      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2607186      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2562000      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379707      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108645      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244273391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        972797     79.04%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132182     10.74%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125789     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118904248     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1929580      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17468      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12931540      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7354715      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    141137551                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.541174                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1230768                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527919980                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    164930216                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137470200                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    142368319                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104489                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2656310                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102516                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3642228                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        479949                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60570                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147130984                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       116864                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14104455                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7377315                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18927                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52851                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1216536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154441                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2370977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138683252                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12721749                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2454294                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           20075780                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19612966                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7354031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.531764                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            137470664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           137470200                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        82369727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       221266472                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.527112                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102476697                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    126274588                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20856905                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35236                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2069833                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240631163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524764                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343436                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187183634     77.79%     77.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27087256     11.26%     89.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9834328      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4899774      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4483222      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1881355      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863065      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       886931      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2511598      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240631163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    102476697                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    126274588                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18722939                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11448140                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17578                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         18302861                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       113688512                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2607551                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2511598                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          385250343                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         297905243                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2980595                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16525245                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         102476697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           126274588                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    102476697                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.544956                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.544956                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.392934                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.392934                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      624027525                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     192097706                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     140194329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        35206                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 46                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260796121                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       18356436                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15013717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7571850                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7237350                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1887918                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79668                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178140483                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            104201597                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          18356436                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9125268                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            21830955                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5222441                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      8073993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        10954951                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1803394                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    211436441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.602102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      189605486     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1184427      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1868147      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2977906      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1232912      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1372955      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1471587      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         958351      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10764670      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    211436441                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.070386                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.399552                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      176436199                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9791395                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        21763181                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        55098                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3390565                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3007939                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          448                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    127228615                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2873                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3390565                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      176709913                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1947470                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      7025280                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        21549042                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       814168                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    127144646                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents        33981                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       218925                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       297090                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents        67373                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    176508553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    591476887                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    591476887                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    150578574                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25929907                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        32726                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18167                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2369752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12111327                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6514131                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196721                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478990                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        126965063                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32820                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       120151087                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       152199                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16096228                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35941101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3457                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211436441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160753612     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20361878      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11116907      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7577494      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7089987      3.35%     97.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2035622      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1591555      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539563      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369823      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211436441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27803     12.57%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        84878     38.38%     50.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108455     49.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100648836     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1901556      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14558      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11106148      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6479989      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    120151087                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.460709                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001840                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    452111950                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143095453                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118223386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    120372223                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       364445                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2172978                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          316                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7486                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3390565                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1212164                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108882                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126998014                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12111327                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6514131                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80305                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1047630                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1023426                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2071056                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118443407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10444422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1707680                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           16922754                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       16666931                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6478332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.454161                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            118224195                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           118223386                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        69119867                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       180578732                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.453317                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382769                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88450783                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    108417365                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18581036                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29363                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1830058                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208045876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373393                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164038898     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21311687     10.24%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8295409      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4471546      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3345020      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1869034      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1154114      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1031056      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2529112      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208045876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     88450783                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    108417365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             16256046                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             9938339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             14650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         15563081                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        97691773                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2202388                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2529112                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          332514567                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         257387646                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2887521                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              49359680                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          88450783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           108417365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     88450783                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.948489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.948489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.339157                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.339157                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      534119610                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     163865990                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     118681392                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        29334                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260798632                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       17607419                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15887763                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       921559                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6545114                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6299136                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         972035                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40769                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186764798                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            110648188                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          17607419                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      7271171                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            21887928                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       2907183                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     26103716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        10714016                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       925008                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    236719003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      214831075     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         781064      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1599523      0.68%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         681012      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        3636928      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        3241176      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         625492      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1310299      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       10012434      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    236719003                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.067513                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.424267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      184859442                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     28020869                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        21807000                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        69613                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      1962073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      1545309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    129738217                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         2751                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      1962073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      185105186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles      26032413                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1147385                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        21659058                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       812882                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    129666285                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       414220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       267423                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9553                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    152218967                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    610666642                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    610666642                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    134980347                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       17238620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        15474                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8026                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         1879905                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     30592830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores     15474539                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140743                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       749645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        129417143                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15521                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       124381800                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73372                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10038984                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24116781                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          509                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236719003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316118                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    192056253     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13633111      5.76%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11038746      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4761574      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5958070      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5645813      2.39%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3211385      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255588      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158463      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236719003                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        313618     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2390559     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69783      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     78022621     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1086542      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7446      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29830750     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15434441     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    124381800                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.476927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2773960                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    488329935                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139474868                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123320622                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    127155760                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       224589                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1188459                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          459                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3228                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        99793                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10977                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      1962073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles      25410196                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       240684                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129432740                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1353                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30592830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15474539                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8026                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149638                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          111                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3228                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       536839                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544483                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      1081322                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123518943                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29732723                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862857                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                  76                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           45165567                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       16184238                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores         15432844                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473618                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            123323907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           123320622                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        66617518                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       131503230                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472858                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506585                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100191477                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117741204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11705690                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15012                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       941796                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234756930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501545                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320122                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191898385     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15768514      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7346890      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7229897      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1997083      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8270885      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       628380      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458986      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1157910      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234756930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    100191477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117741204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             44779117                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            29404371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              7494                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         15548414                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       104699920                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      1140353                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      1157910                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          363045615                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         260856026                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               4010166                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              24079629                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         100191477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117741204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    100191477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.603002                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.603002                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.384172                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.384172                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      610637177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     143202861                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     154481109                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        14990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       22617630                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18832119                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2055070                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8579971                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8266189                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2433968                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95281                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196777225                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            124081297                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          22617630                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10700157                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25862096                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5721960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     17949225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12219564                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1964803                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    244238506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624399                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      218376410     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1585381      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1992394      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3184182      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1340914      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1714600      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1999303      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         915549      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       13129773      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    244238506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.475774                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195621346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     19218151                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25739244                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        12026                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3647731                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3442227                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    151682521                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2654                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3647731                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      195819243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        630975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     18034447                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25553362                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       552741                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    150750558                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          131                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        79530                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       385503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    210542657                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    701021384                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    701021384                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    176188097                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       34354539                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        36436                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18962                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         1939257                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     14120304                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7380941                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        83047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676283                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        147180403                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36570                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       141208289                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       142820                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17836231                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36315058                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1322                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244238506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302275                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184407080     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27287520     11.17%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11156562      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6253226      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8470611      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2612575      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2562629      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379550      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108753      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244238506                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973324     78.98%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       133155     10.81%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125851     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118963244     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1929977      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17473      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12938883      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7358712      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    141208289                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.541446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232330                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008727                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528030234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165053879                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137535060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    142440619                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       105084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2669311                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          678                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104314                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3647731                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        479854                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60235                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147216979                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14120304                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7380941                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18963                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52492                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          678                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1217859                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1156249                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2374108                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138751813                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12728110                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2456476                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           20086166                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       19622632                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7358056                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.532027                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            137535501                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           137535060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        82398450                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       221358627                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.527361                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102502404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    126306192                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20911356                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35248                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2072634                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240590775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524984                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187129276     77.78%     77.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27095363     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9838461      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4900201      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4483012      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1879913      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863751      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887199      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2513599      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240590775                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    102502404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    126306192                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18727612                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11450989                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             17584                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         18307431                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       113716986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2608205                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2513599                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          385294009                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         298082865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2984745                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              16560130                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         102502404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           126306192                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    102502404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.544317                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.544317                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.393033                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.393033                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      624314330                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     192180483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     140274057                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        35218                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19185233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15733107                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1880641                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8016447                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7499420                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1970255                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84666                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183222835                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            109021273                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19185233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9469675                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23985329                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5333544                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     17134939                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11287525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1868760                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    227763583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585247                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      203778254     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        2600583      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        3009760      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        1656305      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1897975      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1053617      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         716188      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1855345      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11195556      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    227763583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.073563                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.418029                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      181731093                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     18654858                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23785870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles       188869                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3402890                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3113728                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        17590                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    133082342                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        87254                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3402890                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      182021222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6252009                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     11589337                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23692748                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       805374                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    133001101                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       207079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       371680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents           33                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    184837104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    619205573                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    619205573                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    157952472                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       26884620                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35091                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19662                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2158117                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     12704680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      6917255                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       181081                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1533955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        132792652                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       125557274                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177516                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16501271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38038882                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227763583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174849449     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21290508      9.35%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11438894      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7910513      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6913254      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3537039      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       859919      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552342      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411665      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227763583                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33140     12.27%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115208     42.65%     54.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121806     45.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105098407     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1961129      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15381      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11614569      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6867788      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    125557274                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.481434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            270154                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479325801                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149330298                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123467445                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    125827428                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316537                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238605                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          766                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1210                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145348                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7695                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3279                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3402890                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5807350                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138695                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132827940                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        61785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12704680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6917255                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19675                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97237                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1210                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093025                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1052930                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2145955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123703175                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10907642                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1854099                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           17773927                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       17312163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          6866285                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.474324                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            123469455                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           123467445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        73382765                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       192171400                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.473421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381861                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92755001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    113798041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19031081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31023                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1891431                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224360693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323660                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177869137     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21558311      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9036783      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5432690      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756055      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2429683      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1257971      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012871      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2007192      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224360693                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     92755001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    113798041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17237979                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10466072                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16286058                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       102593768                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2315163                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2007192                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          355181999                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         269061212                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2806816                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              33035053                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          92755001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           113798041                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     92755001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.811694                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.811694                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.355658                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.355658                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      558016790                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     171361951                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     124211670                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        30994                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       18336690                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14998397                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1791738                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7565983                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7228984                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1884777                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79292                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177927922                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            104075247                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          18336690                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9113761                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            21806749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5223562                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      8104933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        10943182                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1803156                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    211231800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.947112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      189425051     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1185549      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1865417      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2973220      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1232208      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1373370      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1466679      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         955795      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       10754511      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    211231800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070310                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399064                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      176226955                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9819049                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        21738910                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        55132                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3391751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3004084                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    127079221                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         2878                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3391751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      176500335                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2012895                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      6999715                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        21525509                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       801592                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    126995582                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents        30635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       217720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       296040                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents        57762                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    176299647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    590785016                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    590785016                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    150361435                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       25938212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        32681                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18144                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2359049                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     12104053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      6504058                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196428                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        126814667                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32776                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       119991213                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151659                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16103185                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35982592                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3456                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211231800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.568055                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160616266     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20331711      9.63%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11104281      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7570274      3.58%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7079981      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2033294      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1587436      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539348      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369209      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211231800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27851     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85696     38.63%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108299     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100517404     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1898723      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14537      0.01%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11090807      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6469742      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    119991213                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.460091                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221846                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001849                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451587731                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142951940                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118062100                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    120213059                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       363447                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2180262                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          313                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1343                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195601                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7489                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           27                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3391751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1248021                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       108925                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126847578                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        51159                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12104053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6504058                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18132                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80410                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           22                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1343                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1045674                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1024383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2070057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118281836                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10429731                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1709377                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 135                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           16897802                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       16644626                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          6468071                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.453537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            118062958                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           118062100                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        69030976                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       180356207                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.452694                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.382748                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88323026                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    108260561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18587573                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29320                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1830010                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207840049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520884                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163896613     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21279589     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8286644      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4461616      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3342145      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1865361      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1153658      0.56%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029881      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2524542      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207840049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     88323026                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    108260561                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             16232248                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             9923791                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             14628                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         15540505                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        97550536                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2199195                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2524542                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          332163056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         257088227                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2885225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              49566836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          88323026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           108260561                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     88323026                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.952782                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.952782                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.338664                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.338664                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      533389483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     163645317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     118533645                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        29294                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260798636                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20216487                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16540309                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968302                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8338207                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7956492                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2088021                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89874                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194534066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            113069050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20216487                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10044513                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            23595963                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5375176                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     10423419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11898141                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    231934639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934250                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      208338676     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1098596      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1744581      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2365362      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2432727      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2061144      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1159719      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1712099      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11021735      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    231934639                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077518                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433549                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      192535758                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     12438904                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        23552119                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        27035                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3380820                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3329250                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          373                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    138729758                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1949                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3380820                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      193064397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1754210                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      9459751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        23056493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1218965                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    138679260                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          172                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       179481                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       523812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    193489259                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    645178945                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    645178945                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    167789206                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25700027                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        34365                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17869                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3600319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12971285                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7036468                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82786                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730958                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        138512701                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34491                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       131533161                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18011                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15309879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36692734                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1225                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231934639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567113                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176241226     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22929095      9.89%     85.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11596633      5.00%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8739981      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6871575      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785538      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737986      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911889      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120716      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231934639                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25402     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80354     36.89%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112072     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110622632     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966446      1.50%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16492      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11913150      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7014441      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    131533161                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.504348                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217828                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495236799                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153857606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129576986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    131750989                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268974                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2071292                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          537                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3380820                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1459891                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118853                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138547333                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34647                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12971285                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7036468                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17873                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100258                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          537                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1143205                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108302                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2251507                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129734126                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11211777                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           18225952                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18434643                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7014175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.497449                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            129577199                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           129576986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        74378479                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       200422462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496847                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371108                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97810199                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    120353858                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18193482                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33266                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1993253                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228553819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526589                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179143863     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24508356     10.72%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9238881      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4412150      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3734541      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2131344      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848839      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843388      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692457      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228553819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     97810199                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    120353858                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             17834133                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            10899993                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             16596                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17355082                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       108437437                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2478302                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2692457                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          364408026                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         280475565                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2943736                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              28863997                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          97810199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           120353858                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     97810199                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.666375                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.666375                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.375041                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.375041                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      583901651                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     180488636                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     128618809                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        33236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33585                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.930233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198636                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35633                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.574496                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.639430                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.973172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1837.064698                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.252933                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.897004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39383                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12512                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12512                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39416                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33585                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94466222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32015297007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32109763229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     56416137                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     56416137                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94466222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32071713144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32166179366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94466222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32071713144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32166179366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12512                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459670                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459998                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099249.377778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955566.410190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 957100.456914                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1567114.916667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567114.916667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099249.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956222.812880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957754.335745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2099249.377778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 956222.812880                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957754.335745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33540                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90515222                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29073176946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29163692168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     53254379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53254379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90515222                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29126431325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29216946547                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90515222                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29126431325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29216946547                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459670                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2011449.377778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 867752.416010                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869286.481505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1479288.305556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1479288.305556                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2011449.377778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868408.805158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869940.346792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2011449.377778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 868408.805158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869940.346792                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        33655                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.930744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         198632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        35703                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.563454                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.666953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.814218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1838.142364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         204.307208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.897530                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.099759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 39394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               12499                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  39427                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        39426                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 39427                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33577                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               33618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                37                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33614                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                33655                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33614                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               33655                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72669089                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31884265860                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31956934949                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     53758820                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     53758820                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72669089                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31938024680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    32010693769                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     72669089                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31938024680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   32010693769                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             73012                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           12499                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              73082                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             73082                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460148                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460445                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.528571                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460510                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460510                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1772416.804878                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 949586.498496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 950590.009786                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1452941.081081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1452941.081081                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1772416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 950140.556911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951142.289972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1772416.804878                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 950140.556911                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951142.289972                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5295                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5295                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33618                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           33655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        33614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          33655                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69068387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28935457298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29004525685                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     50509221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50509221                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69068387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28985966519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29055034906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     69068387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  28985966519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29055034906                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460148                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460445                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.528571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.460214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684594.804878                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 861764.222474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862767.734101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1365114.081081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1365114.081081                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684594.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862318.275689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863320.009092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1684594.804878                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 862318.275689                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863320.009092                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        17753                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.493081                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         224357                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        19801                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        11.330589                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.348068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.756297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1655.243874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         357.144842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.808225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.174387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 33736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total               18379                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  33880                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        33879                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 33880                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               17733                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                17745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               17745                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14881911948                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14959480335                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9332323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9332323                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14891244271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    14968812658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77568387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14891244271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   14968812658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             51469                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total           18379                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             156                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              51625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             51625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.344537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.076923                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.343729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.343729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840928.516020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843595.575199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 777693.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777693.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840885.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843551.009186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2154677.416667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 840885.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843551.009186                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               9703                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    9703                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17733                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           17745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        17709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          17745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13327898196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13402305783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8278723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8278723                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13336176919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13410584506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     74407587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13336176919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13410584506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.076923                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.343278                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.343729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753116.245465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755783.329555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 689893.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 689893.583333                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753073.404427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755738.771823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2066877.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 753073.404427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755738.771823                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         8456                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.238224                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         210116                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        10504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        20.003427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.209957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     5.472643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1385.957715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         617.597908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.676737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.301561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 27517                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                8550                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27726                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  27728                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        27726                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 27728                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                8455                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 8455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                8455                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107617950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6791752249                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6899370199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107617950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6791752249                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     6899370199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    107617950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6791752249                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    6899370199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        35933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             35972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            8550                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              36183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        36144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             36183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.234269                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235044                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2908593.243243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 806813.049299                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816010.668125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2908593.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 806813.049299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816010.668125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2908593.243243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 806813.049299                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816010.668125                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               4413                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    4413                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            8455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         8418                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           8455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104368005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6052483909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6156851914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104368005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6052483909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6156851914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    104368005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   6052483909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6156851914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.234269                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235044                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232902                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.232902                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2820756.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 718993.099192                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728190.646245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2820756.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 718993.099192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728190.646245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2820756.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 718993.099192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728190.646245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         8459                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.247494                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         210030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        10507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        19.989531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.184880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.931681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1386.324427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         616.806507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.676916                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.301175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27442                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 27444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8537                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                8537                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27649                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  27651                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        27649                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 27651                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                8458                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 8458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                8458                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6804432288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6921247183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6804432288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     6921247183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    116814895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6804432288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    6921247183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        35861                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             35902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8537                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            8537                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36068                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              36109                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        36068                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             36109                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235586                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.234235                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.234235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808223.338639                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818307.777607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808223.338639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818307.777607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2995253.717949                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 808223.338639                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818307.777607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            8458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         8419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           8458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6065168787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178559482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6065168787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178559482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    113390695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6065168787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6178559482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.234768                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233420                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234235                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.233420                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234235                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720414.394465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730498.874675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720414.394465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730498.874675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2907453.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 720414.394465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730498.874675                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         8465                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.247825                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         210200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        10513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        19.994293                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.182548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.958580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1386.400401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         616.706295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002909                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.676953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.301126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27571                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 27573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8578                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8578                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  27780                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        27778                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 27780                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                8464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 8464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                8464                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108114229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6723937980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6832052209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108114229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6723937980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     6832052209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108114229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6723937980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    6832052209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        35995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             36037                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8578                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8578                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             207                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              36244                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        36202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             36244                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234870                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232694                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233528                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232694                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233528                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2702855.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798188.269231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 807189.533199                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2702855.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798188.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 807189.533199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2702855.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 798188.269231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 807189.533199                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            8464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         8424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           8464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104602229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5984209475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088811704                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104602229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5984209475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088811704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104602229                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5984209475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6088811704                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.234033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234870                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232694                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233528                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.952381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232694                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233528                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615055.725000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710376.243471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719377.564272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615055.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710376.243471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719377.564272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2615055.725000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 710376.243471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719377.564272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         8453                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.239083                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         210133                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        10501                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        20.010761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.210667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     5.473170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1385.933869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         617.621378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.676726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.301573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27519                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 27521                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8563                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                8563                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  27732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        27730                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 27732                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                8452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 8452                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                8452                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108742612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6888170077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6996912689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108742612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6888170077                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     6996912689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    108742612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6888170077                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    6996912689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        35934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             35973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8563                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            8563                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              36184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        36145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             36184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234954                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2938989.513514                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818558.535591                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827841.065902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2938989.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818558.535591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827841.065902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2938989.513514                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 818558.535591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827841.065902                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4410                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4410                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            8452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         8415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           8452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105493921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6149115795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6254609716                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105493921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6149115795                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6254609716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    105493921                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   6149115795                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6254609716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.234179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.232812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2851187.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 730732.714795                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740015.347373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2851187.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 730732.714795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740015.347373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2851187.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 730732.714795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740015.347373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         8460                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.237854                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         210157                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        10508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        19.999715                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.209359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     5.472854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1385.918454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         617.637186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018657                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.676718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.301581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27541                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 27543                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8565                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                8565                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  27754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        27752                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 27754                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                8459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 8459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                8459                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117427091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6752653698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6870080789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117427091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6752653698                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     6870080789                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117427091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6752653698                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    6870080789                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        35963                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             36002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8565                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            8565                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              36213                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        36174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             36213                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234959                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3173705.162162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 801787.425552                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 812162.287386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3173705.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 801787.425552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 812162.287386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3173705.162162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 801787.425552                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 812162.287386                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    4415                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            8459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8422                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    114177728                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6013122095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6127299823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    114177728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6013122095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6127299823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    114177728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6013122095                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6127299823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.234185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234959                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3085884.540541                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 713977.926265                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724352.739449                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3085884.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 713977.926265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724352.739449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3085884.540541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 713977.926265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 724352.739449                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        33670                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.932153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         198698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        35718                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         5.562965                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.632799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     1.960081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1836.447974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         205.891299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.896703                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.100533                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 39441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12517                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total               12517                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        39473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  39474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        39473                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 39474                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               33634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_misses::total                36                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33627                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                33670                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33627                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               33670                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64107255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31764309300                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31828416555                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     54581155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54581155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64107255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31818890455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    31882997710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64107255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  31818890455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   31882997710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73031                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             73075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12517                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total           12517                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              73144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        73100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             73144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460267                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.521739                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490866.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 945619.639189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946316.719837                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1516143.194444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1516143.194444                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490866.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946230.423618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946925.978913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1490866.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 946230.423618                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946925.978913                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5299                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5299                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           33670                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        33627                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          33670                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60331544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28814598252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28874929796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     51420136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51420136                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60331544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28866018388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28926349932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60331544                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  28866018388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28926349932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.459955                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460267                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.521739                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460014                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460325                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.460014                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460325                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1403059.162791                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 857807.098687                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858504.186121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1428337.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1428337.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1403059.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 858417.890029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859113.452094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1403059.162791                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 858417.890029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859113.452094                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                         8451                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.235876                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         210108                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        10499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        20.012192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     5.475163                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1385.810334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         617.743253                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.002673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.676665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.301632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 27500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8559                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                8559                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  27711                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        27709                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 27711                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                8450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                 8450                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                8450                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6950329868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7062034995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6950329868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total     7062034995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    111705127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6950329868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total    7062034995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             35950                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total            8559                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36122                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              36161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        36122                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             36161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235049                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232905                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233677                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232905                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233677                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826141.669797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 835743.786391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826141.669797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 835743.786391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3019057.486486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 826141.669797                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 835743.786391                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total            8450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         8413                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total           8450                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6210578425                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6319025623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6210578425                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6319025623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    108447198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   6210578425                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6319025623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.234274                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235049                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.232905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738212.103293                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747813.683195                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738212.103293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747813.683195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2931005.351351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 738212.103293                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747813.683195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        28707                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.595987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         156603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        30752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         5.092449                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.712485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.319978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1648.975176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         382.588348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.805164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.186811                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35730                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 35731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                7612                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  93                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  35824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        35823                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 35824                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               28670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                30                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                28700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28661                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               28700                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52613996                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  26345892075                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26398506071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     24012138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     24012138                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52613996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  26369904213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    26422518209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     52613996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  26369904213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   26422518209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64361                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             64401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            7612                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             123                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              64524                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             64524                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444850                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445179                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.243902                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.444796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.444796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1349076.820513                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920187.631414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920771.052354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 800404.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 800404.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1349076.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920062.252294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920645.233763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1349076.820513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 920062.252294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920645.233763                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4321                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4321                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28631                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           28700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        28661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          28700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49189796                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23831984943                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23881174739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     21378138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     21378138                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49189796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23853363081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23902552877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49189796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23853363081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23902552877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444850                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445179                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.243902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.444467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.444796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261276.820513                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832383.952464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832967.378409                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 712604.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 712604.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261276.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832258.577195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832841.563659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1261276.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 832258.577195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832841.563659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        33679                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.930733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         198723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        35727                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                         5.562264                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.643950                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     1.780231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1838.318310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         204.188242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.897616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.099701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 39441                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12540                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               12540                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  35                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39475                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  39476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        39475                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 39476                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33605                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               33645                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                34                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                33679                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33639                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               33679                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73338229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31873006647                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   31946344876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     48957286                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     48957286                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73338229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31921963933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    31995302162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73338229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  31921963933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   31995302162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             73086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           12540                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              73155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        73114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             73155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460348                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.492754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460090                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460090                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1833455.725000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 948460.248386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 949512.405291                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1439920.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1439920.176471                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1833455.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 948956.982461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 950007.487218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1833455.725000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 948956.982461                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 950007.487218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5284                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5284                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           33679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        33639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          33679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69825729                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28921710568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28991536297                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     45972086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45972086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69825729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28967682654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29037508383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69825729                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  28967682654                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29037508383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460348                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.492754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.492754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.460090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1745643.225000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 860637.124476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 861689.294011                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1352120.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1352120.176471                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1745643.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 861133.881923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862184.399270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1745643.225000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 861133.881923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 862184.399270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         8454                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.237016                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         210135                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        10502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        20.009046                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.207717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.659429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1385.823056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         617.546814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.676671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.301537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27518                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 27520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8566                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8566                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  27731                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        27729                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 27731                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                8453                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 8453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                8453                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108895158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6886180334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6995075492                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108895158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6886180334                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     6995075492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108895158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6886180334                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    6995075492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        35933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             35973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8566                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8566                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              36184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        36144                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             36184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2865662.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818322.083660                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827525.788714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2865662.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818322.083660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827525.788714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2865662.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 818322.083660                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827525.788714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    4409                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            8453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         8415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           8453                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105558375                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6147136625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6252695000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105558375                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6147136625                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6252695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105558375                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   6147136625                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6252695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.234186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232819                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.232819                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2777851.973684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730497.519311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739701.289483                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2777851.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730497.519311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739701.289483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2777851.973684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 730497.519311                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739701.289483                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17839                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.500657                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         224462                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19887                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        11.286871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.274826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.202831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1652.876444                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         359.146556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.807069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.175365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 33768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18448                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               18448                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33912                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33912                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33913                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 9                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17832                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73605028                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14960393727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15033998755                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      8625934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8625934                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73605028                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14969019661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    15042624689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73605028                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  14969019661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   15042624689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51550                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             51591                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           18448                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              51745                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             51745                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344966                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.058442                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344613                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344613                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1840125.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841275.022606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843516.734276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 958437.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958437.111111                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1840125.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841334.288500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843574.735812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1840125.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 841334.288500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843574.735812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               9699                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    9699                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17832                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17792                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17832                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70092420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13398720166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13468812586                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7835734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7835734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70092420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13406555900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13476648320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70092420                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13406555900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13476648320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.058442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344613                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344613                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1752310.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 753456.681437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755698.400157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 870637.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870637.111111                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1752310.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 753515.956610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755756.410947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1752310.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 753515.956610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 755756.410947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        28717                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.596196                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         156519                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        30765                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         5.087567                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.677181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.388039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1650.190194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         381.340782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.805757                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.186202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35661                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 35662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7596                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                7596                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35752                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  35753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35752                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 35753                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28641                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               28681                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                28                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28669                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                28709                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28669                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               28709                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59685447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26506541355                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26566226802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     25743292                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25743292                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59685447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26532284647                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    26591970094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     59685447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  26532284647                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   26591970094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             64343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7596                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            7596                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             119                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              64462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        64421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             64462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445752                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.235294                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445363                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445363                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1492136.175000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925475.414790                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 926265.709076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 919403.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 919403.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1492136.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925469.484356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 926259.016127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1492136.175000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 925469.484356                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 926259.016127                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    4314                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           28709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        28669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          28709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56172137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23991253346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24047425483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     23284195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23284195                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56172137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24014537541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24070709678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     56172137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24014537541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24070709678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445414                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.445026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1404303.425000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837654.179184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838444.457411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 831578.392857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831578.392857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1404303.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837648.245178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838437.760911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1404303.425000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 837648.245178                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 838437.760911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        11627                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.436351                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         187672                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        13675                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        13.723729                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.949521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     5.101652                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1509.882147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         505.503031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002491                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.737247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.246828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 28068                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  28222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 28222                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               11623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11581                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                11623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11581                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               11623                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79835901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9403707259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9483543160                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79835901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9403707259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     9483543160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79835901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9403707259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    9483543160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             39691                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              39845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        39801                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             39845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292103                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292837                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900854.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811994.409723                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815929.033812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900854.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811994.409723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815929.033812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1900854.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 811994.409723                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815929.033812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           11622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        11580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          11622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76147640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8386243481                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8462391121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76147640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8386243481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8462391121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76147640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   8386243481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8462391121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292078                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292812                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.290947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813039.047619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724200.646028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728135.529255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813039.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724200.646028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728135.529255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1813039.047619                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 724200.646028                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728135.529255                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.882423                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010711316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715978.465195                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.491838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10703426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10703426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10703426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10703426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10703426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10703426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143963957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143963957                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143963957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143963957                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    143963957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143963957                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10703494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10703494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10703494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10703494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10703494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10703494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2117117.014706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2117117.014706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2117117.014706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94905792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94905792                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94905792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94905792                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     94905792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94905792                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2063169.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2063169.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2063169.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72956                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432112441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73212                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5902.207848                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27997928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27997928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329875                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43327803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43327803                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43327803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43327803                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          276                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266756                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132523357925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132523357925                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    220579264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    220579264                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132743937189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132743937189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132743937189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132743937189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28264408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28264408                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7933                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43594559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43594559                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43594559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43594559                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497310.709716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 497310.709716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 799200.231884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 799200.231884                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497623.060733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497623.060733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497623.060733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497623.060733                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12512                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193800                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193800                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72887                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72956                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34982661320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34982661320                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     58922653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58922653                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35041583973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35041583973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  35041583973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35041583973                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479957.486520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479957.486520                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 853951.492754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853951.492754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480311.200902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480311.200902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 480311.200902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480311.200902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              580.364025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1010713259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  585                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1727714.972650                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.334011                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.030014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.063035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.930071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10705369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10705369                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10705369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       10705369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     10705369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      10705369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     99547969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99547969                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     99547969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99547969                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     99547969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99547969                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10705428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10705428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10705428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     10705428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     10705428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     10705428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1687253.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1687253.711864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1687253.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1687253.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1687253.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1687253.711864                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73075272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73075272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73075272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73075272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     73075272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73075272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739887.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1739887.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739887.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1739887.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1739887.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1739887.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                73040                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              432165726                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                73296                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5896.170678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.883696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.116304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562954                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     28034482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28034482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15346648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15346648                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43381130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       43381130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     43381130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      43381130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       268062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       268062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          281                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       268343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       268343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       268343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       268343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132423875418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132423875418                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    201947624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    201947624                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132625823042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132625823042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 132625823042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132625823042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     28302544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28302544                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15346929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15346929                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7883                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7487                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43649473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43649473                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     43649473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43649473                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006148                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 494004.653468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 494004.653468                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 718674.818505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 718674.818505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 494239.920706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 494239.920706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 494239.920706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 494239.920706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       254692                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       254692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           12499                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       195092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       195303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       195303                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195303                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73040                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73040                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34853297010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34853297010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     56357961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56357961                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34909654971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34909654971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34909654971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34909654971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477638.714677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477638.714677                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 805113.728571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805113.728571                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477952.559844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477952.559844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 477952.559844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477952.559844                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.501466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              982971966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1893972.959538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    36.501466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.058496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11292625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11292625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11292625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11292625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11292625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11292625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109010893                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11292674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11292674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11292674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11292674                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11292674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11292674                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2224712.102041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77941120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2106516.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                51588                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              167116724                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                51844                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3223.453514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.048612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    21.951388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.914252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.085748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7957026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7957026                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6731559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6731559                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14688585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14688585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14688585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14688585                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       176571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         5608                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5608                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       182179                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       182179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       182179                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  73865847972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73865847972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3512123930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3512123930                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  77377971902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77377971902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  77377971902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77377971902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8133597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8133597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6737167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6737167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16752                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15493                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14870764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14870764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     14870764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14870764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.021709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000832                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 418335.105833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418335.105833                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 626270.315621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 626270.315621                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 424735.956954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424735.956954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 424735.956954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424735.956954                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42949819                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets            84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 511307.369048                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total           18379                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       125139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       130591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130591                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        51588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51588                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17245703963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17245703963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     18781537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18781537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17264485500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17264485500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17264485500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17264485500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 335310.778562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335310.778562                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120394.467949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 120394.467949                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334660.880437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334660.880437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 334660.880437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334660.880437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              493.626059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              985811926                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1995570.700405                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    38.626059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.061901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12228365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12228365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12228365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12228365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12228365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12228365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160362406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160362406                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160362406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160362406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    160362406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160362406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12228419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12228419                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12228419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12228419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12228419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12228419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2969674.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2969674.185185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2969674.185185                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1774411                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 354882.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108066378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108066378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108066378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108066378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    108066378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108066378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2770932.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2770932.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2770932.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                36144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              159774508                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                36400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              4389.409560                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.415259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.584741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9750954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9750954                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7243261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7243261                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16994215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16994215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16994215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16994215                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        92932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92932                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        95081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        95081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        95081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20796333656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20796333656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    137544246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137544246                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20933877902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20933877902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  20933877902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20933877902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9843886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9843886                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7245410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7245410                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17619                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17089296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17089296                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17089296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17089296                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009441                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 223780.115095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223780.115095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64003.837134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64003.837134                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220168.886549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220168.886549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 220168.886549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220168.886549                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7278                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         2426                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            8550                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        56999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        58937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58937                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        35933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        36144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8651386698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8651386698                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     15398891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15398891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8666785589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8666785589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   8666785589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8666785589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 240764.386441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240764.386441                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72980.526066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72980.526066                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 239784.904521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239784.904521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 239784.904521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239784.904521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              495.506801                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              985810783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1987521.739919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    40.506801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.064915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12227222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12227222                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12227222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12227222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12227222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12227222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    170197435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12227278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12227278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12227278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12227278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12227278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12227278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3039239.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2399686                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479937.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117284640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2860600.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                36068                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              159773877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                36324                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4398.576065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.414534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.585466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088224                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      9748622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9748622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7244434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7244434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19206                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16993056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16993056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16993056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16993056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        92833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        94919                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        94919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        94919                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20754813182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20754813182                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    134321033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134321033                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20889134215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20889134215                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  20889134215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20889134215                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      9841455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9841455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7246520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7246520                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19206                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17621                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17087975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17087975                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     17087975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17087975                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009433                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005555                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 223571.501320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223571.501320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64391.674497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64391.674497                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220073.264731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220073.264731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 220073.264731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220073.264731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets     6.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8537                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        56972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        58851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        35861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        36068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8659316443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8659316443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     15054966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15054966                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8674371409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8674371409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   8674371409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8674371409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003644                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 241468.906138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241468.906138                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72729.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72729.304348                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240500.482672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240500.482672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240500.482672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240500.482672                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              496.356607                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              985817431                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1983536.078471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.356607                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.066277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.795443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12233870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12233870                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12233870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       12233870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     12233870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      12233870                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158942684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158942684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158942684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158942684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158942684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158942684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12233926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12233926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12233926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     12233926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     12233926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     12233926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2838262.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2838262.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2838262.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2071821                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 345303.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108580777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108580777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108580777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    108580777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    108580777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    108580777                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2585256.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2585256.595238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2585256.595238                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                36202                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              159798005                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                36458                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4383.071068                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.416129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.583871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      9764695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9764695                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      7252807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7252807                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17641                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17017502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       17017502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     17017502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      17017502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        93135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        95221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        95221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        95221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20642968162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20642968162                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    134251014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    134251014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20777219176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20777219176                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  20777219176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20777219176                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      9857830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9857830                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      7254893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7254893                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18868                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17641                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17112723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17112723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     17112723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17112723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000288                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005564                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 221645.655897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 221645.655897                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64358.108341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64358.108341                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218199.968242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218199.968242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218199.968242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218199.968242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           25                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           25                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8578                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        57140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57140                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1879                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        59019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59019                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        59019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59019                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        35995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          207                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36202                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8587429167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8587429167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     15035459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15035459                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8602464626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8602464626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8602464626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8602464626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 238572.834199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238572.834199                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72635.067633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72635.067633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237624.015966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237624.015966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237624.015966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237624.015966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              493.626334                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              985801604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1995549.805668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.626334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12218043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12218043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12218043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12218043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12218043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12218043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164310756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    164310756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164310756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    164310756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    164310756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    164310756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12218097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12218097                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12218097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12218097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12218097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12218097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3042791.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3042791.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3042791.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1776482                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 355296.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109208949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109208949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109208949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109208949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109208949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109208949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2800229.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800229.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2800229.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                36145                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              159768007                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                36401                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4389.110382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   233.417353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    22.582647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.911787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.088213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      9747467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9747467                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7240192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7240192                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18743                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16987659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       16987659                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     16987659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      16987659                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        92986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        95135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        95135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        95135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  20990501522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20990501522                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    137569533                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137569533                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21128071055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21128071055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21128071055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21128071055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      9840453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9840453                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7242341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7242341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18743                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17082794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17082794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     17082794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17082794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 225738.299550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225738.299550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64015.604002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64015.604002                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 222085.153256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222085.153256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 222085.153256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222085.153256                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35384                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 11794.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8563                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        57052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        58990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58990                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        35934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35934                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        36145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36145                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8748017723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8748017723                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     15409107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15409107                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8763426830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8763426830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8763426830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8763426830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 243446.811460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243446.811460                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 73028.943128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73028.943128                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242451.980357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242451.980357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 242451.980357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242451.980357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              493.625404                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              985815656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1995578.251012                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    38.625404                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12232095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12232095                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12232095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       12232095                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     12232095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      12232095                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    171445741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    171445741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    171445741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    171445741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    171445741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    171445741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12232149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12232149                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12232149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     12232149                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     12232149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     12232149                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3174921.129630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3174921.129630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3174921.129630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2397849                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 479569.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117879470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117879470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117879470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117879470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    117879470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117879470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3022550.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3022550.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3022550.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                36174                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              159783265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                36430                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4386.035273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.414278                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.585722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      9755707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9755707                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7247241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7247241                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18694                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17002948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       17002948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     17002948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      17002948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        93091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93091                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        95240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        95240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        95240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20700505698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20700505698                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    137675938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137675938                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20838181636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20838181636                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  20838181636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20838181636                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      9848798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9848798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      7249390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7249390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18694                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17629                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17098188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17098188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     17098188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17098188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000296                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222368.496396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222368.496396                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64065.117729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64065.117729                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218796.531247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218796.531247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218796.531247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218796.531247                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  2428.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8565                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        57128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57128                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        59066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59066                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        35963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36174                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36174                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8614212567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8614212567                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15401017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15401017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8629613584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8629613584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   8629613584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8629613584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239529.865890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239529.865890                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 72990.601896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72990.601896                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 238558.455908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238558.455908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 238558.455908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238558.455908                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              581.767260                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1010724702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1721847.873935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    40.650036                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   541.117225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.065144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.867175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10716812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10716812                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10716812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       10716812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     10716812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      10716812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           66                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           66                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           66                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84476928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84476928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84476928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84476928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     84476928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84476928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10716878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10716878                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10716878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     10716878                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     10716878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     10716878                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1279953.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1279953.454545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1279953.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1279953.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1279953.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1279953.454545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64531276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64531276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64531276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64531276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     64531276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64531276                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1466619.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1466619.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1466619.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1466619.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1466619.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1466619.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                73100                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              432189632                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                73356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5891.673919                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.881272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.118728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     28045503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28045503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15359412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15359412                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7996                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7996                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43404915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       43404915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     43404915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      43404915                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       267888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          270                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       268158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       268158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       268158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       268158                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 131869377156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 131869377156                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    206964821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    206964821                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 132076341977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132076341977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 132076341977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132076341977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     28313391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28313391                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15359682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15359682                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7996                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7996                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43673073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43673073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     43673073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43673073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492255.633533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492255.633533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 766536.374074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 766536.374074                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492531.798332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492531.798332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 492531.798332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492531.798332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           12517                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       194857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       195058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       195058                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195058                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        73100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34736602247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34736602247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     57099138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57099138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34793701385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34793701385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  34793701385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34793701385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002579                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 475641.881489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475641.881489                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 827523.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 827523.739130                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 475974.027155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475974.027155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 475974.027155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475974.027155                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              493.625859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              985794757                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1995535.945344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    38.625859                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.061900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.791067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12211196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12211196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12211196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12211196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12211196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12211196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    165215955                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12211249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12211249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12211249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12211249                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12211249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12211249                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3117282.169811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2086751                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 347791.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112162690                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2875966.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                36122                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              159758787                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                36378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4391.631948                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.416018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.583982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.911781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.088219                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9741465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9741465                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7237084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7237084                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18641                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17603                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16978549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16978549                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16978549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16978549                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92866                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        95015                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        95015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        95015                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21117289778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21117289778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    137597777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137597777                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21254887555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21254887555                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  21254887555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21254887555                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9834331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9834331                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7239233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7239233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18641                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18641                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17603                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17073564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17073564                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17073564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17073564                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 227395.276829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 227395.276829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 64028.746859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64028.746859                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223700.337368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 223700.337368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 223700.337368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 223700.337368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         7232                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            8559                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        56955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        56955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        58893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58893                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        36122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36122                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8808837412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8808837412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15407216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15407216                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8824244628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8824244628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   8824244628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8824244628                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 245296.355211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 245296.355211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 73019.981043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73019.981043                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244290.034550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244290.034550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 244290.034550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 244290.034550                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              528.281445                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              987058408                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1862374.354717                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    38.281445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.061348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10954893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10954893                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10954893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       10954893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     10954893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      10954893                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71932780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     71932780                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71932780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     71932780                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71932780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     71932780                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10954951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10954951                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10954951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     10954951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     10954951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     10954951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1240220.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1240220.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1240220.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1240220.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1240220.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1240220.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53034646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53034646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53034646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53034646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     53034646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53034646                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1325866.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1325866.150000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1325866.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1325866.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1325866.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1325866.150000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                64483                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              175222426                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                64739                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              2706.597661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   234.289549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    21.710451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.915194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.084806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7590897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7590897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6287233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6287233                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        18004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18004                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        14667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14667                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13878130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       13878130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     13878130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      13878130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       168886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       168886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       168886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73215619073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73215619073                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    286373077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286373077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73501992150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  73501992150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  73501992150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  73501992150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7758948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7758948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6288068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6288068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        18004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18004                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        14667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14667                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14047016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14047016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     14047016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14047016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012023                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012023                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435674.997905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435674.997905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 342961.768862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342961.768862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435216.608541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435216.608541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 435216.608541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435216.608541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       157143                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       157143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            7612                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       103690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          712                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       104402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104402                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64361                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          123                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        64484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28930424847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28930424847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     30265596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30265596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28960690443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28960690443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  28960690443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28960690443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449502.413682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449502.413682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 246061.756098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246061.756098                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449114.360818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449114.360818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 449114.360818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449114.360818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              579.335417                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1010721845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1730688.090753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    38.305384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   541.030033                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.061387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.867035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10713955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10713955                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10713955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       10713955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     10713955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      10713955                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111314081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111314081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111314081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111314081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    111314081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111314081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10714016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10714016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10714016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     10714016                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     10714016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     10714016                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1824821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1824821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1824821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1824821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1824821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1824821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73745219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73745219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73745219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73745219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73745219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73745219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1798663.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798663.878049                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1798663.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798663.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1798663.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1798663.878049                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                73114                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              432190961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                73370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              5890.567821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   111.884674                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   144.115326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.437050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.562950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     28047020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      28047020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15359284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15359284                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7936                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43406304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       43406304                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     43406304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      43406304                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       267905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267905                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          251                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       268156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       268156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       268156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       268156                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132091224114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132091224114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    178263322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    178263322                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132269487436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132269487436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 132269487436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132269487436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     28314925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28314925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15359535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15359535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7936                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43674460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43674460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     43674460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43674460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009462                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000016                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493052.477983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 493052.477983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 710212.438247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 710212.438247                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493255.744552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 493255.744552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 493255.744552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 493255.744552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           12540                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       194860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       194860                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          182                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       195042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       195042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        73045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        73045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        73114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        73114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34845285839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34845285839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     51561539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51561539                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34896847378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34896847378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  34896847378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34896847378                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002580                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001674                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477038.617825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477038.617825                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 747268.681159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 747268.681159                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477293.642503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477293.642503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 477293.642503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477293.642503                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              494.475261                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              985803065                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1991521.343434                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.475261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.063262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12219504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12219504                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12219504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12219504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12219504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12219504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161621311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161621311                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161621311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161621311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    161621311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161621311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12219560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12219560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12219560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12219560                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12219560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12219560                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886094.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2886094.839286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886094.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2886094.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2886094.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2886094.839286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1758882                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351776.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109344181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109344181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109344181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    109344181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    109344181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    109344181                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2733604.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2733604.525000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2733604.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2733604.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2733604.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2733604.525000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                36144                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              159765578                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                36400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4389.164231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.417622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.582378                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.911788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.088212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      9746399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9746399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7238898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7238898                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        18678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18678                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16985297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       16985297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     16985297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      16985297                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        92986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        92986                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        95135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        95135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        95135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  20994303098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20994303098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    137736690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137736690                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21132039788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21132039788                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21132039788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21132039788                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      9839385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9839385                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7241047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7241047                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        18678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18678                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17609                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17080432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17080432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17080432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17080432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009450                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 225779.182866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 225779.182866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64093.387622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64093.387622                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222126.870111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 222126.870111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 222126.870111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 222126.870111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35317                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  8829.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8566                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        57053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        58991                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58991                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        35933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35933                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        36144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8746086460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8746086460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     15419556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15419556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8761506016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8761506016                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8761506016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8761506016                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 243399.840258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 243399.840258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 73078.464455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73078.464455                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 242405.544931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242405.544931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 242405.544931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242405.544931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              521.511614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              982966803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  523                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1879477.634799                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    39.511614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.063320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.835756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11287462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11287462                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11287462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11287462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11287462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11287462                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           63                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           63                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           63                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111830989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    111830989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111830989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    111830989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    111830989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    111830989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11287525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11287525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11287525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11287525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11287525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11287525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1775095.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775095.063492                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775095.063492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74057902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     74057902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74057902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     74057902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     74057902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     74057902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1806290.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806290.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1806290.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                51704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167121954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                51960                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3216.357852                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.038171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.961829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085788                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7960498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7960498                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6733281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6733281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14693779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       14693779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     14693779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      14693779                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       177280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177280                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         5460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5460                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182740                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182740                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  74247418181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74247418181                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3411039011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3411039011                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  77658457192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77658457192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  77658457192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77658457192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8137778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8137778                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6738741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6738741                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16784                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15497                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14876519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14876519                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     14876519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14876519                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000810                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 418814.407609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418814.407609                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 624732.419597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 624732.419597                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 424966.932210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 424966.932210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 424966.932210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 424966.932210                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     37975803                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            81                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 468837.074074                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           18448                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       125730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125730                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         5306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5306                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131036                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17327450976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17327450976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     18124596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18124596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17345575572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17345575572                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  17345575572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17345575572                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006335                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003476                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336129.019903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336129.019903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117692.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 117692.181818                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335478.407319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335478.407319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 335478.407319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 335478.407319                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              529.246373                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              987046635                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  531                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1858844.887006                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    39.246373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.062895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10943120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10943120                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10943120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       10943120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     10943120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      10943120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82972852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82972852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82972852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82972852                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82972852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82972852                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10943182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10943182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10943182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     10943182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     10943182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     10943182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1338271.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1338271.806452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1338271.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1338271.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1338271.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1338271.806452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60085199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60085199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60085199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60085199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60085199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60085199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1465492.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1465492.658537                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1465492.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1465492.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1465492.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1465492.658537                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                64421                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              175202878                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                64677                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              2708.889992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   234.287609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    21.712391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.915186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.084814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7580605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7580605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6278018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6278018                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        14647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14647                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13858623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       13858623                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     13858623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      13858623                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       167989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       167989                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          850                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       168839                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       168839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       168839                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  73853316003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73853316003                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    340950234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    340950234                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  74194266237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74194266237                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  74194266237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74194266237                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7748594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7748594                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6278868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6278868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17983                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17983                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        14647                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14647                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14027462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14027462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     14027462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14027462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012036                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012036                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439631.856866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439631.856866                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 401117.922353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 401117.922353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439437.963012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439437.963012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439437.963012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439437.963012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       150264                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       150264                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            7596                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       103687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          731                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       104418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          119                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        64421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29086106441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29086106441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     31851586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31851586                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29117958027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29117958027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  29117958027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29117958027                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008299                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 452335.952863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 452335.952863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 267660.386555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 267660.386555                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451994.815774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451994.815774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 451994.815774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 451994.815774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.116400                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              982348452                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1892771.583815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.116400                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11898090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11898090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11898090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11898090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11898090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11898090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91528218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91528218                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91528218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91528218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     91528218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91528218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11898141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11898141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11898141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11898141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11898141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11898141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794670.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1794670.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1794670.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80326052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80326052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     80326052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     80326052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825592.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825592.090909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1825592.090909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                39801                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              161744351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                40057                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4037.854832                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.856656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.143344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.913503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.086497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8197327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8197327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6901344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6901344                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15098671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       15098671                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     15098671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      15098671                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       127210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          916                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       128126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       128126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       128126                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42652660627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42652660627                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     77542917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     77542917                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42730203544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42730203544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  42730203544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42730203544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8324537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8324537                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6902260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6902260                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17745                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16618                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15226797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15226797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     15226797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15226797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015281                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000133                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 335293.299481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335293.299481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84653.839520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84653.839520                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333501.424723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333501.424723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333501.424723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333501.424723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        87563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87563                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          762                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        88325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        39801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11328530583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11328530583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9952832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9952832                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11338483415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11338483415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  11338483415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11338483415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 285734.874846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285734.874846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64628.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64628.779221                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 284879.360192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284879.360192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 284879.360192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284879.360192                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
