
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001105                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1105127562                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               391204441299                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 383654                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   493006                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  36358                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747572                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30395.85                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11661492375                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   14985343392                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        41728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        15488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        21888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        21504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        63872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        63744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data         9088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        19584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        63104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               506368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           37248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       251008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            251008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          493                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3956                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1961                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19921682                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     56521982                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     14014672                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19805858                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     19458387                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     57796043                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     57680219                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3243065                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data      8223485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     17721031                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     57101101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               458198689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      3243065                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           33704706                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         227130341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              227130341                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         227130341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     37758537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19921682                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     56521982                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1621532                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     14014672                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19805858                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2779770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     19458387                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     57796043                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     57680219                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      3243065                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data      8223485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     17721031                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1505709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     57101101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              685329030                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         180956                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       162850                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        11300                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        68975                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          62826                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS           9799                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          512                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1899896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1132638                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            180956                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        72625                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              223400                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         36067                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       262289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          110764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        11175                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.552021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.857514                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2186700     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1           7754      0.32%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          16661      0.69%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3           6896      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          36028      1.49%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          32620      1.35%     94.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6341      0.26%     95.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          13397      0.56%     95.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         103703      4.30%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2410100                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.068280                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.427380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1878670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       283914                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          222404                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        16094                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          183                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1327552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1881938                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        241331                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        31889                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          220127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        10474                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1325743                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         4540                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         3337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1003                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1566399                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6236383                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6236383                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1348966                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         217422                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          162                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts           87                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           24240                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       308689                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       154875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1381                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         7473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1321016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          161                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1256721                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1173                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       125479                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       309402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           13                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.521439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1956810     81.19%     81.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       139281      5.78%     86.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112339      4.66%     91.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        48691      2.02%     93.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        60303      2.50%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        56308      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        32159      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         2689      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1520      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2410100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3096     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        23700     86.15%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          713      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       792986     63.10%     63.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10992      0.87%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           75      0.01%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       298590     23.76%     87.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       154078     12.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1256721                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.474201                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             27509                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.021890                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4952223                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1446703                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1243971                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1284230                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2281                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        15990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           47                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1784                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        24333                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        234285                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2526                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1321177                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           27                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       308689                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       154875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           87                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1598                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           47                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         5802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7080                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        12882                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1246664                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       297534                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        10056                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             451562                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         163202                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           154028                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.470406                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1244078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1243971                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          673809                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1335462                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.469390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.504551                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1175558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       145780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        11334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.492738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.308221                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1956257     82.00%     82.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       159003      6.66%     88.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        73909      3.10%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        72106      3.02%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        19791      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        82275      3.45%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6437      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         4654      0.20%     99.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        11335      0.48%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385767                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1175558                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               445790                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              292699                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           155352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1045399                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        11459                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        11335                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3695770                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2667018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 42116                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                240087                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1175558                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.650187                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.650187                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.377332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.377332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6152649                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1451307                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1570171                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         204336                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82759                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78478                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957249                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1145330                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            204336                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        99201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              238049                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         59855                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       111970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          121206                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21318                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939668                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2107352     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          11101      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          17386      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          23313      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          24334      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          20626      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          11143      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17174      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         112972      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2345401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077102                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.432170                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        1937043                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       132594                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          237413                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        33331                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1404128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        1942802                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         20375                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        99671                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          232023                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12561                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1402362                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         1782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1958796                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      6521698                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      6521698                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1664312                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         294484                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           39493                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       131874                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        70001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        15633                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399016                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174140                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561607                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257223                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789899     76.32%     76.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227288      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115449      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87996      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68789      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27761      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17802      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1327      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108488     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19668      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119156      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69718      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317193                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.497019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4982394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573491                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295533                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319540                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23803                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        37967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         17321                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399344                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131874                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1081                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12623                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        24398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297487                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19706                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             181694                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         183852                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            69704                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.489583                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1295599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1295533                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          744938                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2008755                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.488846                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193904                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205445                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        21551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517416                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1818015     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242293     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91902      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43535      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36450      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21356      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19072      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8298      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26513      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307434                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts       970258                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1193904                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               176814                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              108071                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           172193                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1075655                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        24582                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        26513                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3680270                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           2836669                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 31314                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                304786                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts            970258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1193904                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total       970258                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.731425                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.731425                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.366109                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.366109                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        5837929                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1806722                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1300122                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2649242                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         194221                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       159173                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79861                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74118                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19574                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          937                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1861928                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1108401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            194221                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        93692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              242463                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         59858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       184877                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          116334                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20655                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2327870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.582570                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921179                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2085407     89.58%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          25696      1.10%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          30336      1.30%     91.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          16413      0.71%     92.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          18303      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11018      0.47%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           7219      0.31%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          18899      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         114579      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2327870                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.073312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.418384                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        1845742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       201681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          240183                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2063                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        31391                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1351389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        1849175                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         18127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       174514                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          238826                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1349569                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2117                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4313                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1877798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6280115                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6280115                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1573427                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         304260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          358                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          204                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25319                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       129307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        69550                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1735                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        14782                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1345747                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          359                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1263680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1681                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       184378                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       428389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2327870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235575                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1794610     77.09%     77.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214967      9.23%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115084      4.94%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80263      3.45%     94.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69477      2.98%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34935      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8726      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5647      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4161      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2327870                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           342     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1165     42.44%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1238     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058338     83.75%     83.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19576      1.55%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116802      9.24%     94.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68811      5.45%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1263680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.476997                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002172                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4859656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1530527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1240651                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1266425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3254                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24909                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1988                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           43                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        38198                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         13866                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1202                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1346113                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          185                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       129307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69550                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          794                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11454                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12156                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        23610                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1243409                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109684                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             178456                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         173370                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            68772                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.469345                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1240749                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1240651                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          738609                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1932393                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.468304                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.382225                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       924087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1133761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       212293                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          313                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        20827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.309429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825653     79.73%     79.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215730      9.42%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90266      3.94%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        54043      2.36%     95.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37192      1.62%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24133      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12663      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9977      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20015      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2289672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       924087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1133761                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               171949                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              104391                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           162247                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1022125                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        23057                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        20015                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3615698                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2730392                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 30676                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                321372                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1133761                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       924087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.866875                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.866875                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.348812                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.348812                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5607735                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1724524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1260768                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          312                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         204207                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167264                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21454                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82717                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78437                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20706                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1955947                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1144511                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            204207                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        99143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              237884                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         59791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       114715                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          121123                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21302                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2346632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2108748     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11094      0.47%     90.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          17381      0.74%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          23295      0.99%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          24320      1.04%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20615      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11131      0.47%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          17162      0.73%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         112886      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2346632                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077054                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        1935771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       135308                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          237251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          380                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        33314                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          166                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1403110                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1009                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        1941527                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         20386                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       102396                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          231861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        12540                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1401334                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1957311                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6516934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6516934                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1663226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         294043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           39459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       131776                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        69959                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          794                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        15615                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1397995                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316300                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       173863                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425389                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2346632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.560932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256584                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1791470     76.34%     76.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227177      9.68%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115378      4.92%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87931      3.75%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68739      2.93%     97.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27736      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17794      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9082      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1325      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2346632                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.11%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          851     36.23%     49.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1107747     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19644      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119070      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69676      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316300                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.496682                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2349                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001785                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981841                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1572193                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1294663                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1318649                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2697                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23767                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1254                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        37920                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         17342                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1280                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1398323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131776                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69959                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1085                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11766                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1296619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             181582                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         183747                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            69662                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.489256                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1294729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1294663                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          744437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2007464                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.488518                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370835                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts       969632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205162                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        21534                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2308712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.516795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362957                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1819577     78.81%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242163     10.49%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91855      3.98%     93.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43507      1.88%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36436      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21339      0.92%     97.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19047      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8289      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26499      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2308712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts       969632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1193130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               176705                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              108007                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           172092                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1074948                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        24564                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        26499                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3680505                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           2834544                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 31287                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                303555                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts            969632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1193130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total       969632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.733188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.733188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.365873                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.365873                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        5833987                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1805465                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1299204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         232258                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193544                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22734                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87929                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82580                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24448                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1012                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2005742                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1273373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            232258                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       107028                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              264220                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         64333                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       156056                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          126175                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21643                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.004568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2204060     89.30%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          15856      0.64%     89.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20095      0.81%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          32103      1.30%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          13477      0.55%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          17398      0.70%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          20026      0.81%     94.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7           9448      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         135817      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2468280                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.087638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.480484                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        1994761                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       169351                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          262821                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          175                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        35013                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1555208                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        1997384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          6121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       156995                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          260352                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6256                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1544345                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          832                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2157142                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      7176715                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      7176715                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1769704                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         387438                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           23463                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       145996                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        74677                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        16597                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1505648                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1432991                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1815                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203486                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429901                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305743                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863005     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274683     11.13%     86.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112797      4.57%     91.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63789      2.58%     93.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85736      3.47%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27169      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26290      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13670      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468280                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10031     78.91%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1395     10.97%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1207407     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19464      1.36%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131637      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74308      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1432991                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.540713                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12712                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5348789                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1709528                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1393377                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1445703                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30858                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41171                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          4610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145996                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74677                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          506                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12674                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13387                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        26061                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1406346                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128993                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             203268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         198375                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            74275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.530659                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1393417                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1393377                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          835051                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2243082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.525766                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372278                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1029630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1268940                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237094                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        22710                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1889811     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272569     11.23%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98716      4.07%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49209      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44864      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19036      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18801      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8954      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25149      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427109                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1029630                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1268940                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               188297                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              115138                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           183980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1142441                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        26228                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        25149                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3907981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3053244                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 32188                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                181907                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1029630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1268940                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1029630                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.573922                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.573922                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.388512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.388512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        6325875                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1948880                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1436817                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         231969                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87821                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24415                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1010                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2003061                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1271773                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            231969                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       106891                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              263891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       157745                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2273                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          108                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          126012                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2468428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.633648                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003390                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2204537     89.31%     89.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          15845      0.64%     89.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          20070      0.81%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          32057      1.30%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13460      0.55%     92.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          17375      0.70%     93.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          19997      0.81%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7           9435      0.38%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         135652      5.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2468428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.087529                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.479880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        1993602                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       171027                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          262490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        41131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        34966                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1553242                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        41131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        1996222                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          6120                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       158678                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          260027                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         6249                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1542391                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          835                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4329                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2154419                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      7167667                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      7167667                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1767352                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         387062                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          372                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          196                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           23425                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       145830                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          877                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        16567                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1503756                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1431152                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1810                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203321                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429627                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2468428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579783                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.305034                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1863911     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       274362     11.11%     86.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112645      4.56%     91.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63704      2.58%     93.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85627      3.47%     97.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27128      1.10%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26258      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13652      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1141      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2468428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10019     78.88%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1397     11.00%     89.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1286     10.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1205850     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19428      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          175      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131484      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74215      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1431152                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.540019                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12702                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008875                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5345244                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1707471                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1391571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1443854                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1094                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30839                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1518                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        41131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          4608                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504131                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       145830                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          197                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          507                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12657                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26034                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1404538                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128840                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26614                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             203022                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         198120                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            74182                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.529977                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1391612                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1391571                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          833980                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2240349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.525084                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372255                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1028266                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       236891                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          354                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        22686                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2427297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340377                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1890713     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       272213     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98587      4.06%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49132      2.02%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44812      1.85%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19006      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18775      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8937      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25122      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2427297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1028266                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1267246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               188054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              114988                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           183738                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1140899                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26184                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        25122                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3906299                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3049415                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 32152                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                181759                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1028266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1267246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1028266                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.577336                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.577336                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.387998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.387998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6317721                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1946380                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1435007                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          354                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         151531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123582                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16508                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62179                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57611                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          14883                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          712                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1465067                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts               895213                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            151531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        72494                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              183678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         51682                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       163061                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines           91952                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16473                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      1846394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1662716     90.05%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1           9638      0.52%     90.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          15434      0.84%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          22893      1.24%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4           9705      0.53%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          11399      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          12066      0.65%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           8478      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8          94065      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      1846394                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.057177                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.337792                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1446436                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       182321                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          182147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1185                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        24543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1085494                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1450166                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         51920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       118943                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          179706                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        11354                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1082707                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          443                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5882                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents          665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1481709                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5044843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5044843                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1212219                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         269490                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          244                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           33583                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       110396                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        60436                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2974                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        11502                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1078432                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1002415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1863                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171532                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       401951                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1846394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.542904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1418180     76.81%     76.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       174335      9.44%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        95985      5.20%     91.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63266      3.43%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57017      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17698      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12509      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4532      0.25%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2872      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1846394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           297     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.74%     53.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1146     46.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       825472     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18352      1.83%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        99510      9.93%     94.12% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        58970      5.88%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1002415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.378243                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2477                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002471                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3855564                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1250268                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       983554                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1004892                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4573                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24538                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           62                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4266                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          791                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        34302                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         38434                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1415                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1078675                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           26                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110396                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60436                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          742                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           75                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           62                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8827                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        19047                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts       987473                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94051                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14942                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             152914                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         133846                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            58863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.372605                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent               983658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count              983554                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          582366                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1476838                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.371126                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       726083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps       885623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       193844                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        16762                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1812092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1452695     80.17%     80.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       171379      9.46%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        70957      3.92%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36395      2.01%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27097      1.50%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15499      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9705      0.54%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7888      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20477      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1812092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       726083                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps       885623                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               142028                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               85858                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           122988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          800731                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        17286                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        20477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            2871082                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2193243                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 26619                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                803793                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            726083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps              885623                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       726083                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.649978                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.649978                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.273974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.273974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        4481124                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1345464                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1027373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         204291                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21467                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78459                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20718                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1956773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1145084                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            204291                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        99177                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              237995                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         59840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       111963                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          121177                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21312                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2344853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599961                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2106858     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          11098      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          17383      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23306      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          24327      1.04%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          20623      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          11140      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          17169      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         112949      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2344853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.432077                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        1936567                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       132588                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          237359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        33325                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1403809                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        1942326                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         21956                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        98094                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          231968                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1402043                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1958341                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6520232                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6520232                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1663944                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         294397                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           39484                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       131846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        69988                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          797                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        15630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1398697                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1316903                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          262                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426004                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2344853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789452     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227256      9.69%     86.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115429      4.92%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87983      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68774      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27748      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17797      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9090      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1324      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2344853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     13.08%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.22%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108237     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19664      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119134      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69705      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1316903                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.496909                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2347                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4981268                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1573112                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295247                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319250                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23794                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        37955                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         18897                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1281                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399025                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69988                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1086                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12621                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        24393                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297202                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       111971                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19701                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             181662                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         183811                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            69691                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.489476                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1295311                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1295247                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          744795                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2008367                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.488738                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.370846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1193644                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205386                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        21546                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2306898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817573     78.79%     78.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242254     10.50%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91883      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43525      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36442      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21354      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19065      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8295      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26507      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2306898                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts       970046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1193644                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               176782                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              108052                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           172152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1075425                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        24577                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26507                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3679421                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2836019                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 31305                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                305334                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts            970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1193644                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total       970046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.732022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.732022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.366029                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.366029                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5836650                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1806309                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1299847                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         204421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167448                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21482                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        82800                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78514                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20728                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1957901                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1145739                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            204421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches        99242                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              238136                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         59881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       111013                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          121250                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2345198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600213                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2107062     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          11107      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          17393      0.74%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          23321      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          24346      1.04%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          20633      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          11147      0.48%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          17180      0.73%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         113009      4.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2345198                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077135                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.432324                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        1937708                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       131623                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          237503                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          381                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        37981                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        33343                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1404624                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1017                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        37981                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        1943473                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         20385                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        98701                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          232105                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        12551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1402843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1767                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      1959481                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6523923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6523923                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1664856                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         294582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          164                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           39513                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       131912                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        70017                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads          795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        15636                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1399490                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1317626                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          260                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       174204                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426274                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2345198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.561840                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1789510     76.31%     76.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       227364      9.69%     86.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       115491      4.92%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88027      3.75%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68810      2.93%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27766      1.18%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17808      0.76%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9095      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1327      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2345198                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           308     13.12%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead          850     36.20%     49.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1190     50.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1108867     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19672      1.49%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          163      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       119190      9.05%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        69734      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1317626                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.497182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001782                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4983057                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1574029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1295960                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1319974                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2701                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        23808                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation            7                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1258                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        37981                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         17333                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1399818                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       131912                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70017                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          164                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1089                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents            7                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11782                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12628                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        24410                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1297914                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       112023                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             181743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         183921                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            69720                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.489744                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1296026                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1295960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          745177                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2009425                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.489007                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.370841                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts       970568                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1194283                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       205524                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          328                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        21561                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2307217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.517629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363927                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1817631     78.78%     78.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       242379     10.51%     89.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        91938      3.98%     93.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        43550      1.89%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36457      1.58%     96.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21363      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19078      0.83%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8301      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26520      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2307217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts       970568                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1194283                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               176863                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              108104                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           172257                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1075985                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        24588                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        26520                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3680504                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           2837623                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 31321                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                304989                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts            970568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1194283                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total       970568                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.730553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.730553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.366226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.366226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        5839817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1807330                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1300568                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          328                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         193804                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158822                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20870                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79639                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73969                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          934                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1857877                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1105683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            193804                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches        93512                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              241933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         59711                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       182261                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          116058                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20598                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2320585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.583064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921896                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2078652     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          25647      1.11%     90.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          30289      1.31%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          16391      0.71%     92.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          18244      0.79%     93.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          10999      0.47%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7173      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          18878      0.81%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         114312      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2320585                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.417209                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        1841920                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       198837                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          239655                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2060                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        38110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        31330                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          381                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1348285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2097                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        38110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        1845346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         17608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       172255                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          238331                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1346467                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1873650                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6266019                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6266019                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1570212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         303426                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          354                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          201                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           25052                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       128984                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        69358                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1730                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        14762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1342847                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          355                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1261090                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1678                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183840                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       426983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           46                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2320585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543436                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.236138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1788458     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214455      9.24%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114882      4.95%     91.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        80100      3.45%     94.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69316      2.99%     97.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34871      1.50%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8717      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5638      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4148      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2320585                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           339     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1161     42.50%     54.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1232     45.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1056231     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19545      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       116524      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68638      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1261090                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.475849                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2732                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4847175                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1527085                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1238126                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1263822                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3251                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24790                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1960                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           77                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        38110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         13466                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1188                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1343209                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128984                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69358                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          784                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11436                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        23579                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1240847                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109422                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20243                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             178021                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         173062                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            68599                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.468211                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1238224                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1238126                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          737064                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1928654                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.467184                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382165                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts       922140                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1131489                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       211726                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        20799                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2282475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.310087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1819415     79.71%     79.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       215247      9.43%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        90107      3.95%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53941      2.36%     95.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37095      1.63%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        24097      1.06%     98.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12642      0.55%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9960      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19971      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2282475                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts       922140                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1131489                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               171586                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              104190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           161964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1020066                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        23024                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        19971                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3605706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2724559                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 30566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                329602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts            922140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1131489                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total       922140                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.873953                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.873953                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.347953                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.347953                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5596227                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1721042                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1257678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         192826                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       158030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        20773                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        79262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73603                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          19438                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          931                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1848606                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1100048                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            192826                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        93041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              240713                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         59434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       192341                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          115484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        20502                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2319997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580261                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.917676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2079284     89.62%     89.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          25517      1.10%     90.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          30132      1.30%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          16308      0.70%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          18167      0.78%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          10941      0.47%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           7143      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          18773      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         113732      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2319997                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.072759                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.415083                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1832744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       208818                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          238456                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2042                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        31167                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1341464                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         2089                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1836151                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         20644                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       179274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          237134                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         8857                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1339652                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         4225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1864254                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6234265                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6234265                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1562252                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         301999                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          353                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           24887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       128332                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        69001                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1710                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14675                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1336040                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          354                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1254645                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1671                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183038                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       425092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           45                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2319997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.540796                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.233724                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1790580     77.18%     77.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213391      9.20%     86.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       114281      4.93%     91.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        79671      3.43%     94.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68961      2.97%     97.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        34709      1.50%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         8666      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5610      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4128      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2319997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           338     12.44%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1153     42.42%     54.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1227     45.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1050888     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19406      1.55%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          152      0.01%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115916      9.24%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68283      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1254645                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.473418                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2718                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4833675                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1519475                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1231792                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1257363                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3219                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24690                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           45                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1947                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           76                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           12                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        37934                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         16554                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1176                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1336401                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           61                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       128332                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        69001                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          776                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           45                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        12079                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        23472                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1234498                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       108849                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             177093                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         172178                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68244                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.465815                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1231890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1231792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          733289                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1918988                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.464794                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.382123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       917407                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1125682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       210736                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          309                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        20700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2282063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.493274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307246                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1821347     79.81%     79.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       214190      9.39%     89.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        89622      3.93%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        53662      2.35%     95.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36923      1.62%     97.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        23969      1.05%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12581      0.55%     98.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9913      0.43%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19856      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2282063                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       917407                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1125682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               170696                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              103642                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               154                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           161139                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1014811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        22900                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        19856                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3598612                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2710778                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30413                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                330190                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            917407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1125682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       917407                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.888780                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.888780                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.346167                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.346167                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5567491                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1712353                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1251250                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          308                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         154673                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       125973                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16778                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        63497                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15279                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          730                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1499137                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts               914729                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            154673                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        73986                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              187669                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         52477                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       162584                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines           94013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16748                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      1884490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940413                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        1696821     90.04%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9818      0.52%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          15741      0.84%     91.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          23379      1.24%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4           9933      0.53%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          11836      0.63%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          12170      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           8663      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          96129      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      1884490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.058363                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.345156                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        1479940                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       182418                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          186136                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1181                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        34812                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        25217                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1109220                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        34812                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        1483733                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         53235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       117349                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          183615                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        11743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1106255                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         2383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents          822                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1513656                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5155885                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5155885                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1240602                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         272966                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          246                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           34460                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       112636                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        61934                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3119                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        11841                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1101923                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1026029                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1817                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       172960                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       402535                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1884490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544460                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.231976                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1446547     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       178101      9.45%     86.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        98156      5.21%     91.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64513      3.42%     94.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58591      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18191      0.97%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12898      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4574      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2919      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1884490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           304     12.17%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1041     41.67%     53.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1153     46.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       844641     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18839      1.84%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          113      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       101958      9.94%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        60478      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1026029                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.387153                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2498                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002435                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3940862                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1275190                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1006835                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1028527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4804                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24763                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4463                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          819                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        34812                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         43352                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1369                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1102168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       112636                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61934                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          705                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           55                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10379                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        19324                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1010809                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        96493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             156835                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         137089                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            60342                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.381410                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1006939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1006835                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          596360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1511941                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.379911                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.394433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       743046                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps       906385                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       196631                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        17041                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1849678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490023                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1481935     80.12%     80.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       175399      9.48%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        72561      3.92%     93.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        37090      2.01%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27885      1.51%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15858      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9873      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8090      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20987      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1849678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       743046                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps       906385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               145323                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads               87860                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           125906                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          819496                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        17706                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        20987                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            2931707                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2240925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 27201                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                765697                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            743046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps              906385                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       743046                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     3.566653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               3.566653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.280375                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.280375                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        4587713                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1376651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1050356                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         153257                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       124847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16647                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62895                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          58121                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15128                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          724                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1485621                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts               907041                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            153257                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches        73249                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              186026                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         52121                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       158164                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines           93194                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16620                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      1864686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.942321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        1678660     90.02%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1           9750      0.52%     90.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          15583      0.84%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          23143      1.24%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4           9831      0.53%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          11730      0.63%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          12063      0.65%     94.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7           8576      0.46%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8          95350      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      1864686                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.057829                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.342255                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        1466577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       177841                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          184509                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1169                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        34587                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        24963                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1099739                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        34587                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        1470353                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         52069                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       114054                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          181993                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        11627                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1096786                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2352                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents          822                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1500747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      5111911                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      5111911                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1229467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         271280                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          245                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          133                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           34255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       111717                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        61429                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3099                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        11723                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1092450                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          245                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1016988                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1805                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       171934                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400280                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1864686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.232918                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1430636     76.72%     76.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       176492      9.46%     86.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        97340      5.22%     91.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63890      3.43%     94.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58053      3.11%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18032      0.97%     98.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12816      0.69%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4538      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2889      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1864686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           301     12.06%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1041     41.71%     53.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1154     46.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       837114     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18694      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          112      0.01%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       101096      9.94%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59972      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1016988                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.383742                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002454                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3902963                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1264691                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       997947                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1019484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4455                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          819                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        34587                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         42306                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1355                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1092695                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       111717                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        61429                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          133                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          701                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           56                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8876                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10307                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        19183                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1001899                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        95682                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15089                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             155521                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         135794                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            59839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.378048                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent               998053                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count              997947                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          591319                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1498570                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.376557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.394589                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       736477                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps       898206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       195412                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          224                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        16910                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1830099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.335191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1465704     80.09%     80.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       173766      9.49%     89.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71926      3.93%     93.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36746      2.01%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27643      1.51%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15718      0.86%     97.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9774      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8032      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20790      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1830099                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       736477                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps       898206                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               144054                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads               87080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               112                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           124688                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          812122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        17521                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        20790                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            2902927                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2221829                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 27015                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                785501                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            736477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps              898206                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       736477                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.598465                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.598465                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.277896                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.277896                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        4547633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1364571                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1041552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          224                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         232646                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       193847                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22766                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        88089                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82731                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24496                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2009861                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1275727                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            232646                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       107227                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              264710                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         64432                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       150944                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           97                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          126424                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21677                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2467842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.635745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.006364                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2203132     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          15901      0.64%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20138      0.82%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          32156      1.30%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13494      0.55%     92.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          17428      0.71%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          20056      0.81%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7           9475      0.38%     94.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         136062      5.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2467842                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.087785                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.481372                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        1998794                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       164325                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          263310                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          176                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        41236                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        35083                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          220                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1558045                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        41236                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2001422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles          6189                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       151882                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          260837                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         6275                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1547182                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents          840                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4342                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2161101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7189913                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7189913                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1773058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         388001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          375                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          198                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           23532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       146268                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        74842                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          884                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16616                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1508433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          378                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1435605                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1821                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       203836                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430858                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2467842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581725                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306686                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1861361     75.42%     75.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       275296     11.16%     86.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       112999      4.58%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63946      2.59%     93.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        85868      3.48%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27207      1.10%     98.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        26335      1.07%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        13684      0.55%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1146      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2467842                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10041     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1403     11.02%     89.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1292     10.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1209588     84.26%     84.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        19481      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          176      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       131889      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74471      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1435605                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.541700                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             12736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008872                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5353606                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1712667                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1395945                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1448341                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1102                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30917                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1528                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        41236                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles          4662                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles          584                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1508812                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       146268                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74842                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          199                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          514                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12699                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13399                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        26098                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1408935                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129236                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26667                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             203674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         198716                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            74438                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.531636                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1395985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1395945                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          836603                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2247198                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.526735                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372287                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1271327                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          358                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22744                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2426606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.342274                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1888238     77.81%     77.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       273150     11.26%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98889      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49308      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44967      1.85%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19062      0.79%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        18838      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8963      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        25191      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2426606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1031625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1271327                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               188665                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115351                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               178                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           184293                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1144615                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        26271                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        25191                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3910213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3058883                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 32270                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                182345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1031625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1271327                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1031625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.568944                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.568944                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.389265                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.389265                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6337623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1952444                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1439529                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          358                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2650187                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         185736                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       165963                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16320                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       123225                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         119951                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          10587                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          511                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1958357                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1058444                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            185736                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       130538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              234444                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         53885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        62553                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          119862                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        15819                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2292837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.515793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.757144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2058393     89.77%     89.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          35972      1.57%     91.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          17639      0.77%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          35375      1.54%     93.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          10280      0.45%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          32996      1.44%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           4918      0.21%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7           8465      0.37%     96.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8          88799      3.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2292837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070084                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.399385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1945499                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        76143                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          233802                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          257                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        37130                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        17002                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          353                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1178114                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1559                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        37130                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1947338                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         51504                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        19481                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          232039                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         5339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1175640                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          913                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         3812                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1536492                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      5320864                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      5320864                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1213350                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         323100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          147                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts           74                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           14357                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       217166                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        32789                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          289                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         7038                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1167962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          148                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1082104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       232585                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       494884                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2292837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.086736                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1821790     79.46%     79.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       143087      6.24%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       161112      7.03%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        92227      4.02%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        47959      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        12621      0.55%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        13406      0.58%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          345      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          290      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2292837                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          1835     58.03%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          723     22.87%     80.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          604     19.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       845175     78.10%     78.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         8084      0.75%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           73      0.01%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       196402     18.15%     97.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32370      2.99%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1082104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.408312                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002922                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4461204                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1400705                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1052005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1085266                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads          886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        47769                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           10                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        37130                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         46369                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1168110                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       217166                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        32789                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           74                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          375                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           17                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           10                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9990                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7197                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        17187                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1067380                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       193279                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        14723                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             225640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         162163                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            32361                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.402756                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1052473                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1052005                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          637453                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1371245                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.396955                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.464872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       833267                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps       933196                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       234939                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          148                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        16042                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2255707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.413704                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.280610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1910391     84.69%     84.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       134096      5.94%     90.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87295      3.87%     94.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        27407      1.22%     95.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46912      2.08%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         8645      0.38%     98.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         5630      0.25%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5012      0.22%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30319      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2255707                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       833267                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps       933196                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               200934                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              169394                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                74                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           143534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          814238                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        11250                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30319                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3393523                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2373442                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 45586                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                357350                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            833267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps              933196                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       833267                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.180478                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.180478                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314418                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314418                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        4966716                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1367327                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1256368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2648996                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         152094                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       123882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        16542                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        62441                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          57688                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          15026                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          721                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1474207                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts               899648                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            152094                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        72714                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              184551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         51777                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       164003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines           92502                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        16512                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      1857404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.589373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938589                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        1672853     90.06%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9663      0.52%     90.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          15453      0.83%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          22959      1.24%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4           9779      0.53%     93.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          11657      0.63%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          11976      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           8512      0.46%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8          94552      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      1857404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.057416                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.339618                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        1455331                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       183507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          183041                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         1165                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        34357                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        24782                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          287                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1090926                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1084                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        34357                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        1459072                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         53989                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       117908                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          180555                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        11520                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1087976                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          650                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2337                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5862                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          788                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1488666                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      5070692                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      5070692                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1218986                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         269617                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          131                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           33944                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       110835                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        60884                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11630                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1083674                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          241                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1008625                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1801                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       170827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       398028                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      1857404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543029                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.230822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1426961     76.83%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       175013      9.42%     86.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        96500      5.20%     91.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        63374      3.41%     94.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        57590      3.10%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        17923      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12661      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         4507      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2875      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      1857404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           300     12.13%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1034     41.81%     53.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1139     46.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       830279     82.32%     82.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18520      1.84%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          111      0.01%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       100269      9.94%     94.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        59446      5.89%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1008625                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.380757                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2473                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002452                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      3878928                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1254804                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       989673                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1011098                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4726                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        24483                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4392                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          808                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        34357                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         44212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1353                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1083915                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           36                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       110835                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        60884                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          131                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          703                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           53                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         8818                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10239                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        19057                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts       993605                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        94865                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        15020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             154179                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         134713                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            59314                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.375087                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent               989779                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count              989673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          586260                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1486206                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.373603                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.394468                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts       730122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps       890589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       194154                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          220                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        16800                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      1823047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.332461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1461720     80.18%     80.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       172318      9.45%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        71309      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        36451      2.00%     95.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        27387      1.50%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        15594      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         9710      0.53%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7942      0.44%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        20616      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      1823047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts       730122                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps       890589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               142798                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads               86335                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               110                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           123693                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts          805233                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        20616                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            2887174                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           2203933                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 26818                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                791592                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts            730122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps              890589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total       730122                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.628155                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.628155                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.275622                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.275622                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        4509699                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1353244                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1032968                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          220                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          340                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         112041                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2388                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        46.918342                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks                  6                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.133603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   173.548625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1855.317773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.006413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.084741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.905917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   389                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 118                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   389                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 340                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      309804166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9100115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    300704051                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     309804166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               729                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             118                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                729                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               729                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.466392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.466392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 650008.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 922405.064417                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 911188.723529                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      71                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          326                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7870915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    272080151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    279951066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.455944                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.466392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 562208.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 834601.690184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 823385.488235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.077225                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.077225                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.618153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    60.442860                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1944.938987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.029513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.949677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109392188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      109392188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12211661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     97180527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     109392188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 872261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 803144.851240                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810312.503704                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86554187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536648                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86554187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     10982461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     86554187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97536648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715323.859504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722493.688889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715323.859504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722493.688889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 784461.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 715323.859504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722493.688889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          197                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2046.787367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         132720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2245                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        59.118040                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.180786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    18.578387                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    84.642789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1863.385405                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.041329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.909856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   384                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 197                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  197                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 197                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     217745275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      217745275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46075394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    171669881                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     217745275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               578                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.312839                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339071                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339071                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1919808.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 992311.450867                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1105305.964467                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                117                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     117                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          173                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     43968194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    156568281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200536475                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.312839                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.311151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339071                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1832008.083333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 905018.965318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1017951.649746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.087916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         115814                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        53.052680                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.087916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.623166                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    60.563142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1944.813692                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.006652                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.029572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.949616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   275                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    275                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   275                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12761739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96413690                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     109175429                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12761739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96413690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      109175429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12761739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     96413690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     109175429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.329268                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.329268                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 911552.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796807.355372                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 808706.881481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 911552.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796807.355372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 808706.881481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 911552.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 796807.355372                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 808706.881481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11532539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85786478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97319017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11532539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85786478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97319017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     11532539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     85786478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97319017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.305556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329268                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 823752.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 708979.157025                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720881.607407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 823752.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 708979.157025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720881.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 823752.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 708979.157025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 720881.607407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.077010                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.077010                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    21.213005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    32.177797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1951.609198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.010358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.015712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.952934                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     164710519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      164710519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100222059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     64488460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     164710519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3579359.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 908288.169014                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1663742.616162                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97763659                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     58252641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    156016300                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3491559.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 820459.732394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1575922.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.027138                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         128853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        60.015370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.027138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    21.209244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    32.178831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1951.611925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.010356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.015712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.952936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          285                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  89                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          287                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   289                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110033524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65782916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     175816440                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110033524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65782916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      175816440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110033524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     65782916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     175816440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              89                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.199438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.256477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.255155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3929768.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926519.943662                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1775923.636364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3929768.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926519.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1775923.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3929768.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 926519.943662                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1775923.636364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107575124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59549116                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    167124240                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107575124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59549116                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    167124240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107575124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     59549116                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    167124240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.199438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.256477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3841968.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838719.943662                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688123.636364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3841968.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838719.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688123.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3841968.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 838719.943662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1688123.636364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          507                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.566375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          86014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        33.704545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.017256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.213852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   221.500437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1688.834830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.108155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.824626                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   318                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 366                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          318                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   318                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 463                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 501                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11076909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    445803148                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     456880057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31442692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31442692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11076909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    477245840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      488322749                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11076909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    477245840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     488322749                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             366                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.585938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.592830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.611722                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.611722                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 852069.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 990673.662222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 986781.980562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 827439.263158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827439.263158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 852069.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 977962.786885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 974696.105788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 852069.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 977962.786885                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 974696.105788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     268                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9934510                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    406282925                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    416217435                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     28105411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28105411                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9934510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    434388336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    444322846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      9934510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    434388336                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    444322846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.585938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.592830                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611722                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.605459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.611722                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764193.076923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 902850.944444                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 898957.742981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 739616.078947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 739616.078947                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764193.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 890140.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886871.948104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 764193.076923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 890140.032787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886871.948104                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.086167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.086167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.619917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    60.507196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1944.872888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.029545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.949645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16959501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99942765                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     116902266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16959501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99942765                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      116902266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     16959501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     99942765                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     116902266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1211392.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 825973.264463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 865942.711111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1211392.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 825973.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 865942.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1211392.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 825973.264463                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 865942.711111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15729317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89315287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105044604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15729317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89315287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105044604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     15729317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     89315287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105044604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1123522.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738142.867769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778108.177778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1123522.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738142.867769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778108.177778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1123522.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 738142.867769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 778108.177778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          135                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.088360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         115815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        53.053138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.088360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.626722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    60.589306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1944.783972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013715                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.029585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.949602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 135                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11832046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     97108571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     108940617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11832046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     97108571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      108940617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11832046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     97108571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     108940617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               411                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                411                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               411                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.328467                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.328467                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 845146.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 802550.173554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 806967.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 845146.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 802550.173554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 806967.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 845146.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 802550.173554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 806967.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 64                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      64                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            135                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10602846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86482342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97085188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10602846                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86482342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97085188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     10602846                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     86482342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97085188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.304786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.328467                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 757346.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 714730.099174                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719149.540741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 757346.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 714730.099174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719149.540741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 757346.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 714730.099174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 719149.540741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          196                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2046.780499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         132715                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2244                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        59.142157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.183837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    18.573754                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    84.470552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1863.552355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.009069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.041245                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.909938                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999405                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 211                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          379                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   380                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51125688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    174219243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     225344931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51125688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    174219243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      225344931                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51125688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    174219243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     225344931                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             211                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.312614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.340909                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.339130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.339130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2130237                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1018825.982456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1155615.030769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2130237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1018825.982456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1155615.030769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2130237                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1018825.982456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1155615.030769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                116                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     116                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          171                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49010238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159129468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    208139706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49010238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159129468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    208139706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     49010238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    159129468                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    208139706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.312614                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.340909                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339130                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.310909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339130                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2042093.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 930581.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067383.107692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2042093.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 930581.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067383.107692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2042093.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 930581.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1067383.107692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          193                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2046.778116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         132711                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        59.219545                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          80.221730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    18.518245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data    83.816129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1864.222012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.039171                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.009042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.040926                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.910265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999403                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          373                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          376                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   377                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 192                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     229083944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      229083944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49370543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    179713401                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     229083944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               566                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.339223                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.337434                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.337434                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2057105.958333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1069722.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1193145.541667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                114                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     114                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     47263343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    164963001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212226344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.310536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.339223                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337434                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.960000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.308824                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.337434                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1969305.958333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 981922.625000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1105345.541667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          520                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2043.756912                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                          86031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        33.540351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.719375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.196829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   223.644337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1686.196371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.005955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.109201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.823338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.997928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            376                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 376                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    328                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   328                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          460                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 473                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  512                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 512                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11459439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    421735040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     433194479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31928563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31928563                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11459439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    453663603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      465123042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11459439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    453663603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     465123042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               801                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          376                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             376                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          827                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          827                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.583756                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590512                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 881495.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 916815.304348                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 915844.564482                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 818681.102564                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818681.102564                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 881495.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 909145.496994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 908443.441406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 881495.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 909145.496994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 908443.441406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     276                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10318039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    381333972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    391652011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     28501338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28501338                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10318039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    409835310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    420153349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     10318039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    409835310                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    420153349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.583756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590512                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.603386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 793695.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 828986.895652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828016.936575                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 730803.538462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730803.538462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 793695.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 821313.246493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820612.009766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 793695.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 821313.246493                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 820612.009766                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          519                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2043.750847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          86029                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2563                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        33.565743                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.833005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.213873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   222.215822                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1687.488148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.005964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.108504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.823969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.997925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   327                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 374                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          327                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   327                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                39                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  511                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 511                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11000863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    432183235                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     443184098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32212220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     32212220                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11000863                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464395455                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      475396318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11000863                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    464395455                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     475396318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               799                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             374                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              39                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                838                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               838                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.583969                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590738                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609785                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609785                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846220.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 941575.675381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 938949.360169                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 825954.358974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825954.358974                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846220.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932520.993976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 930325.475538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 846220.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 932520.993976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 930325.475538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                275                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                     275                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          498                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            511                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9859463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    391879106                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    401738569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     28787719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28787719                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9859463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    420666825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    430526288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      9859463                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    420666825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    430526288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.583969                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609785                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.603636                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609785                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 758420.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 853767.115468                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851141.036017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 738146.641026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738146.641026                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 758420.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844712.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842517.197652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 758420.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 844712.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 842517.197652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                           99                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.081078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         128856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2147                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.016768                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.081078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    21.205914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    32.206173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1951.587912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010354                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.015726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.952924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  90                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    291                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          289                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   291                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                  99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                   99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                  99                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97290407                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62258094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     159548501                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97290407                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62258094                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      159548501                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97290407                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     62258094                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     159548501                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              90                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.198324                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.255155                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.253846                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.253846                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3474657.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 876874.563380                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1611601.020202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3474657.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 876874.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1611601.020202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3474657.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 876874.563380                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1611601.020202                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 58                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      58                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total              99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           71                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total             99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94832007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56023854                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    150855861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94832007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56023854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    150855861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     94832007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     56023854                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    150855861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.198324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.255155                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.933333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.197222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.253846                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3386857.392857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789068.366197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523796.575758                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3386857.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789068.366197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523796.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3386857.392857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 789068.366197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1523796.575758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          166                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          47126                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2214                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        21.285456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks                 34                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.059005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    84.133103                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1917.807891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.041081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.936430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             42                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  42                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    276                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          276                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   276                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 166                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9056995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125496306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     134553301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9056995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125496306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      134553301                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9056995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    125496306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     134553301                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              42                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 696691.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820237.294118                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 810562.054217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 696691.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820237.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 810562.054217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 696691.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 820237.294118                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 810562.054217                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 21                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      21                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          153                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7915135                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    112060623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119975758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7915135                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    112060623                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119975758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7915135                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    112060623                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119975758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375566                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375566                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.356643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375566                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 608856.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732422.372549                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722745.530120                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 608856.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732422.372549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722745.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 608856.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 732422.372549                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 722745.530120                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          514                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2043.757599                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          86024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2559                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        33.616256                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks         121.899740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.215433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   221.259921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1688.382506                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.059521                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.005965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.108037                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.824406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.997929                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   325                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 371                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          325                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   325                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          456                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  507                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 507                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11738681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    440405452                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     452144133                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     33940688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     33940688                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11738681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    474346140                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      486084821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11738681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    474346140                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     486084821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               794                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             371                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              38                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                832                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               832                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.590680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.609375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.609375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902975.461538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 965801.429825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964059.985075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       893176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       893176                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902975.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 960214.858300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958747.181460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 902975.461538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 960214.858300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958747.181460                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                273                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     273                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          456                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          494                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10597281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    400448560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    411045841                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     30603925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     30603925                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10597281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    431052485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    441649766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10597281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    431052485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    441649766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.583867                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.590680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.603175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.609375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815175.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 878176.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876430.364606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 805366.447368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 805366.447368                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815175.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872575.880567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871104.074951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 815175.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 872575.880567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 871104.074951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              556.132490                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750118579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1346711.991023                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    13.132490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.021046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891238                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        110747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         110747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        110747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     11106869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       110764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       110764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       110764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000153                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 653345.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9217396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 658385.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  715                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              281231244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  971                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             289630.529351                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   100.466915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   155.533085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.392449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.607551                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        280546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         433484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        433484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2697                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2697                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2697                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1310826186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       283243                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       152938                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           78                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       436181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       436181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009522                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 486031.214683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             118                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          715                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    329856489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001639                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 461337.746853                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              488.617039                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              731814853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1496553.891616                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.617039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         121187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       121187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        121187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     13628733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13628733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121206                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       121206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       121206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       121206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 717301.736842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     12330132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12330132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880723.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              110541891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             169283.140888                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   144.348222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   111.651778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.563860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.436140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        81987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81987                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        68434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68434                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         150421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       150421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        150421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    435461010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    435461010                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        83300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83300                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        68434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68434                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       151734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015762                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008653                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008653                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331653.472963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    116032776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116032776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292273.994962                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              501.077571                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              732331444                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1444440.717949                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.077571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.030573                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         116295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        116295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     79867252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79867252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116334                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       116334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       116334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2047878.256410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     46353441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46353441                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1854137.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  555                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              115433656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             142334.964242                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   161.129709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    94.870291                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.629413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.370587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        80109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67157                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         147266                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        147266                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1828                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1891                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1891                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    752037353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    752037353                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     34079857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     34079857                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786117210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    786117210                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    786117210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    786117210                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        81937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81937                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67220                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          156                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       149157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       149157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       149157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000937                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012678                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 411398.989606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 411398.989606                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 540950.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 540950.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415715.076679                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       511191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       511191                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1335                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    198099428                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198291728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    198291728                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    198291728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    198291728                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003728                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 358226.813743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 358226.813743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356639.798561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              488.622052                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              731814770                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1496553.721881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    13.622052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.021830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         121104                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       121104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        121104                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           19                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           19                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15174508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15174508                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15174508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15174508                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     15174508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15174508                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       121123                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       121123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       121123                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 798658.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 798658.315789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 798658.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 798658.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 798658.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 798658.315789                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12880834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12880834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12880834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     12880834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     12880834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     12880834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 920059.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920059.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 920059.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920059.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 920059.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 920059.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  396                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              110541796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  652                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             169542.631902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   144.749620                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   111.250380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.565428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.434572                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        81937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81937                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        68389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68389                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         150326                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       150326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        150326                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1312                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429697302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    429697302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429697302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    429697302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    429697302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    429697302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        83249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        68389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68389                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       151638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015760                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327513.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 327513.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327513.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 327513.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 327513.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 327513.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          915                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115209640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115209640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115209640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115209640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    115209640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115209640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004769                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002618                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290200.604534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290200.604534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290200.604534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290200.604534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290200.604534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290200.604534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              477.413474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              735286973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1516055.614433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.413474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.035919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         126132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       126132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        126132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    146492934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146492934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126173                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       126173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       126173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       126173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000325                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3572998.390244                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2268425                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       453685                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    100583866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    100583866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3352795.533333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              106637869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             173677.311075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   131.509173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   124.490827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.513708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.486292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        98994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98994                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        72791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72791                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         171785                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       171785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        171785                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    195998094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    195998094                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       542791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542791                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196540885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    196540885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    196540885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    196540885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        99918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        72798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72798                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       172716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 212119.149351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 212119.149351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 77541.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77541.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 211107.287863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83519884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     83519884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       133378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83653262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     83653262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     83653262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     83653262                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003563                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 234606.415730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 234606.415730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        66689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 233668.329609                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              477.409850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              735286809                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1516055.276289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    22.409850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.035913                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         125968                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       125968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        125968                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161957243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    161957243                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161957243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    161957243                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    161957243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    161957243                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       126010                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       126010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       126010                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3856124.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3856124.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3856124.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2896866                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       482811                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110395220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110395220                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110395220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    110395220                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    110395220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    110395220                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3679840.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3679840.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3679840.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  358                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              106637656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  614                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             173676.964169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   131.519858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   124.480142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.513749                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.486251                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        98874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72698                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       171572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         171572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       171572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        171572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          924                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total          931                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total          931                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    202729238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    202729238                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       542014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542014                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203271252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    203271252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    203271252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    203271252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        99798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        99798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72705                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       172503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       172503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009259                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219403.937229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219403.937229                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 77430.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77430.571429                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218336.468314                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              89                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          573                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84815650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84815650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       133267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84948917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84948917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     84948917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84948917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 238246.207865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 238246.207865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 66633.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66633.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 237287.477654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              501.597631                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              735382919                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1464906.213147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.597631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.020189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         91932                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total          91932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst        91932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total         91932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14954359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14954359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14954359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14954359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     14954359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14954359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        91952                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total        91952                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst        91952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total        91952                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 747717.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 747717.950000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 747717.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 747717.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 747717.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 747717.950000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11184809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11184809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11184809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11184809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     11184809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11184809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860369.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860369.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860369.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860369.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 860369.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860369.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  806                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              122564729                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1062                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             115409.349341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   182.190993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    73.809007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.711684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.288316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        69173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        55546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55546                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         124719                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       124719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        124719                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1906                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2234                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1175883303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1175883303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    282390595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    282390595                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1458273898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1458273898                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1458273898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1458273898                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        71079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        55874                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       126953                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       126953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       126953                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.026815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026815                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005870                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.017597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017597                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 616937.724554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 616937.724554                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 860946.935976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 860946.935976                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 652763.606983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 652763.606983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 652763.606983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 652763.606983                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          290                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1428                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    470842697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    470842697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31758092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31758092                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502600789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    502600789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    502600789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    502600789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010805                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000680                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 613076.428385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 613076.428385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 835739.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 835739.263158                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 623574.179901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623574.179901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 623574.179901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 623574.179901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              488.618803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              731814827                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1496553.838446                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    13.618803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.021825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         121161                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        121161                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19050029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     19050029                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19050029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     19050029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     19050029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     19050029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121177                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       121177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       121177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1190626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1190626.812500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1190626.812500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17075701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17075701                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17075701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17075701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     17075701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17075701                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1219692.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219692.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1219692.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              110541865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             169283.101072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   144.665944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   111.334056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.565101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.434899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         81974                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         150395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        150395                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    461061615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    461061615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    461061615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    461061615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    461061615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    461061615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68421                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151708                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151708                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015765                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008655                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351151.268088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 351151.268088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351151.268088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 351151.268088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 351151.268088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 351151.268088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118802917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118802917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118802917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118802917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    118802917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118802917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002617                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299251.680101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299251.680101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299251.680101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299251.680101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299251.680101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299251.680101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              488.625608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              731814900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1496553.987730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.625608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.021836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.783054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        121234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         121234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       121234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        121234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14598012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     14598012                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14598012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     14598012                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     14598012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     14598012                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       121250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       121250                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       121250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       121250                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 912375.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 912375.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 912375.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11951149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11951149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     11951149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11951149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 853653.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853653.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 853653.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  397                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              110541928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  653                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             169283.197550                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   144.757815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   111.242185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.565460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.434540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        82008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         82008                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        68450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        68450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1313                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1313                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1313                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446861397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    446861397                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446861397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    446861397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    446861397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    446861397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        83321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        83321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        68450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        68450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          164                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       151771                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       151771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       151771                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015758                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008651                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340336.174410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340336.174410                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340336.174410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340336.174410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 340336.174410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340336.174410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          397                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    115962555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115962555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    115962555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115962555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    115962555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115962555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004765                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002616                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292097.115869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292097.115869                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292097.115869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292097.115869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 292097.115869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 292097.115869                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              501.073268                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              732331168                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1444440.173570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    19.073268                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.030566                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        116019                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         116019                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       116019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        116019                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88439244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     88439244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88439244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     88439244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     88439244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     88439244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       116058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       116058                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       116058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       116058                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2267672.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2267672.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2267672.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2267672.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2267672.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2267672.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51390679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51390679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51390679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51390679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51390679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51390679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2055627.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055627.160000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2055627.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055627.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2055627.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2055627.160000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  550                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              115433316                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             143217.513648                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   161.115554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    94.884446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.629358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.370642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        79930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        67000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        67000                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       146930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         146930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       146930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        146930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1877                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1877                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    762995872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    762995872                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     17312744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     17312744                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    780308616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    780308616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    780308616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    780308616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        81744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        67063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        67063                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148807                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       148807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148807                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.022191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000939                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 420615.144432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420615.144432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 274805.460317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 274805.460317                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 415721.159297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 415721.159297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 415721.159297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 415721.159297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       158969                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       158969                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             211                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          550                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          550                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200381653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200381653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200573953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200573953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    200573953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200573953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006692                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 366328.433272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 366328.433272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 364679.914545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364679.914545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 364679.914545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 364679.914545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.012507                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              732330594                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  507                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1444439.041420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    19.012507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.030469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        115445                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         115445                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       115445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        115445                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     82272144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82272144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       115484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       115484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       115484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       115484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2109542.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     49640613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     49640613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1985624.520000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  544                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              115432573                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             144290.716250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   160.627915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    95.372085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.627453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.372547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        79529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        66658                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       146187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         146187                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       146187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        146187                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1795                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           63                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    775731488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    775731488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     28198440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28198440                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    803929928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    803929928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    803929928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    803929928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        81324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        81324                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        66721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        66721                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          163                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          154                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       148045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       148045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       148045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022072                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000944                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012550                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432162.388858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432162.388858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 447594.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447594.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432685.644779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       159085                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       159085                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           60                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205658213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    205658213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205850513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    205850513                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    205850513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    205850513                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006652                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 380144.571165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 380144.571165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 378401.678309                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              501.584499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              735384980                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1464910.318725                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    12.584499                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.020167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        93993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         93993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        93993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total          93993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst        93993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total         93993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16518824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16518824                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16518824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16518824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     16518824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16518824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        94013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        94013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        94013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total        94013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst        94013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total        94013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000213                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 825941.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825941.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 825941.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825941.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 825941.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825941.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11567347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11567347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11567347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11567347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     11567347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11567347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 889795.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889795.923077                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 889795.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889795.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 889795.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889795.923077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  827                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              122567704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             113174.241921                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   182.300495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    73.699505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.712111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.287889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        70857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         70857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        56831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56831                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         127688                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       127688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        127688                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          328                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2318                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1139365022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1139365022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    280437422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    280437422                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1419802444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1419802444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1419802444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1419802444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        72847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72847                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        57159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        57159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       130006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       130006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       130006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       130006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.027318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005738                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017830                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.017830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017830                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 572545.237186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 572545.237186                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 854992.140244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 854992.140244                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 612511.839517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 612511.839517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 612511.839517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 612511.839517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             376                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          289                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1491                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1491                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          827                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          827                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    447567378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    447567378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     32252263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32252263                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    479819641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    479819641                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    479819641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    479819641                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.010817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010817                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000682                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 567978.906091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 567978.906091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826981.102564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 826981.102564                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 580193.036276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 580193.036276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 580193.036276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 580193.036276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              501.597459                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              735384163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1464908.691235                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    12.597459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.020188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803842                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        93176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         93176                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        93176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total          93176                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst        93176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total         93176                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12425409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     12425409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12425409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     12425409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     12425409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     12425409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        93194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        93194                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        93194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total        93194                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst        93194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total        93194                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 690300.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 690300.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 690300.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11108763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11108763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     11108763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11108763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 854520.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854520.230769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854520.230769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  825                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              122566641                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 1081                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             113382.646623                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   182.232797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    73.767203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.711847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.288153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        70264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         70264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        56361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        56361                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         126625                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       126625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        126625                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1974                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          313                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2287                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2287                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1149949834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1149949834                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    277224587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    277224587                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1427174421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1427174421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1427174421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1427174421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        72238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56674                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          112                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       128912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       128912                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       128912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       128912                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.027326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005523                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017741                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.017741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017741                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 582548.041540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 582548.041540                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 885701.555911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 885701.555911                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 624037.787932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 624037.787932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 624037.787932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 624037.787932                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             374                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          274                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1462                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          786                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          825                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    457951424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    457951424                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     32535920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32535920                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    490487344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    490487344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    490487344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    490487344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010881                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000688                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006400                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 582635.399491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 582635.399491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 834254.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 834254.358974                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 594530.113939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 594530.113939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 594530.113939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 594530.113939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              477.405730                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              735287223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  485                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1516056.129897                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.405730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.035907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.765073                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        126382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         126382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       126382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        126382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    141824641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141824641                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    141824641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141824641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst    141824641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141824641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       126422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       126422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       126422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       126422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3545616.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3545616.025000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3545616.025000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2267937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 453587.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97652092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     97652092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97652092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     97652092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97652092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     97652092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3255069.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255069.733333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3255069.733333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              106638218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             173113.990260                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   131.451737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   124.548263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.513483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.486517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         99187                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        72943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       172130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         172130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       172130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        172130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            7                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total          937                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total          937                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    196812183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    196812183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       542933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       542933                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197355116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    197355116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197355116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    197355116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       100117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100117                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        72950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72950                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          191                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       173067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       173067                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       173067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       173067                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009289                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000096                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 211626.003226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 211626.003226                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77561.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77561.857143                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 210624.456777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              90                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          572                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          577                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81417065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81417065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       133422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81550487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81550487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     81550487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81550487                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 227421.969274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227421.969274                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        66711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66711                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 226529.130556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              538.057972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              627186390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1163611.113173                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.057972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.019324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.842949                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.862272                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        119849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         119849                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       119849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        119849                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           13                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9302046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9302046                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9302046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9302046                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9302046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9302046                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       119862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119862                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       119862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       119862                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       119862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       119862                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       715542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       715542                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       715542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       715542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       715542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       715542                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9165546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9165546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9165546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9165546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9165546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9165546                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       705042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       705042                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       705042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       705042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst       705042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       705042                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              147689420                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  685                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             215604.992701                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   137.942434                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   118.057566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.538838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.461162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       177632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        177632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        31390                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       209022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         209022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       209022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        209022                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659266284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    659266284                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659266284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    659266284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    659266284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    659266284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       179131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       179131                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        31390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        31390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           74                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       210521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       210521                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       210521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       210521                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.007120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439804.058706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439804.058706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439804.058706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 439804.058706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 439804.058706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 439804.058706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              42                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1070                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          429                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144865417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    144865417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144865417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    144865417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    144865417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    144865417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002395                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002038                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337681.624709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337681.624709                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337681.624709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337681.624709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337681.624709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337681.624709                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              501.596020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              735383469                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1464907.308765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.596020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.020186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.803840                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        92482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         92482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        92482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total          92482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst        92482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total         92482                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13814009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     13814009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13814009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     13814009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13814009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     13814009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        92502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total        92502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        92502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total        92502                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst        92502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total        92502                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000216                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 690700.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 690700.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 690700.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11846581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11846581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     11846581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     11846581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000141                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 911275.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911275.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 911275.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  818                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              122565524                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1074                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             114120.599628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   181.950520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    74.049480                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.710744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.289256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        69666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         69666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        55846                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       125512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         125512                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       125512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        125512                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1961                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1137987231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1137987231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    293630192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    293630192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1431617423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1431617423                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1431617423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1431617423                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        71627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        71627                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        56167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        56167                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          114                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          110                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       127794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       127794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       127794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       127794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.027378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005715                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.017857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 580309.653748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 580309.653748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 914735.800623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 914735.800623                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 627352.069676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 627352.069676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 627352.069676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 627352.069676                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             371                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1463                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          819                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    465996473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    465996473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     34256088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34256088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    500252561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    500252561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    500252561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    500252561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000677                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006409                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 596666.418694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 596666.418694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       901476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       901476                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 610808.987790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 610808.987790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 610808.987790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 610808.987790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
