
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.011191                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 11190714165                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               538966090710                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 392433                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   497047                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 272120                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67749760                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 41124.19                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16138498108                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20440639614                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       153216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       434048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       154112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       434944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       434176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       118912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       239232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       119040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       235520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       435968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       153344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       377984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              4028032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3840                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           72576                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1104128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1104128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         3398                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         3392                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 31469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            8626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 8626                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     13702789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13771418                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     38866510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     38797881                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       308827                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     10625953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     21377724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13702789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     10637391                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       377456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21046021                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     38958014                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13702789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               359944141                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       308827                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       377456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6485377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          98664659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               98664659                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          98664659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13691351                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     13702789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     38786443                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       480398                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13771418                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     38866510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     38797881                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       308827                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     10625953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       343142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     21377724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13702789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     10637391                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       377456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21046021                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       388894                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     38958014                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       411770                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13702789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       423208                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33776575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              458608801                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2069568                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1693381                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       871428                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         815079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         213986                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9325                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19957680                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11566345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2069568                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1029065                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2415486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        557724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      1088807                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222638                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204642                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596731                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931395                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       21396947     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         112418      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         179112      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         241982      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         249271      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         211033      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         118700      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         175172      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1127798      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23812433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.430997                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19753179                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      1295317                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2410935                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         2797                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       340360                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14196385                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19807337                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        166378                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1003747                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2360214                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       124552                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14190539                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        18334                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        53440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19800941                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66011693                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66011693                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17153383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2647543                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3550                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          371863                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1332161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       718632                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8452                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       211905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14173352                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3559                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13460025                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1571551                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3757125                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565252                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18084418     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2382817     10.01%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1199700      5.04%     90.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       879054      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696414      2.92%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284027      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179795      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93579      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12629      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23812433                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2527     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8241     36.51%     47.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11806     52.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11321153     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       199976      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1687      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221115      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716094      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13460025                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.501561                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22574                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50757039                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15748519                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13252741                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13482599                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        26976                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           16                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       350200                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        136940                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11978                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14176935                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1507                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1332161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       718632                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1862                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10012                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114562                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       233334                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13269247                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1147210                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190778                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1863245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1885500                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           716035                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.494452                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13252850                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13252741                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7607747                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20506410                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.493837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12305296                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1871636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3398                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206964                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366432                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18385979     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2528406     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       943685      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450636      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       396906      1.69%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218599      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180490      0.77%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86203      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271329      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23462233                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12305296                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1823601                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1114551                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1696                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1774541                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11086908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       253435                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       271329                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37367771                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          28704083                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                304695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               3023813                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12305296                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.683624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.683624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.372630                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.372630                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       59723213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18461422                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13155506                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3394                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        2072576                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695820                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204923                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       872681                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816269                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214295                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9338                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19986584                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             11582978                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           2072576                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1030564                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2418971                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        558481                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      1060982                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1224397                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204930                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23817464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932465                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21398493     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         112583      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         179367      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         242325      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         249628      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         211361      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         118876      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         175422      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        1129409      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23817464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077230                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431617                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       19781712                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      1267864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2414409                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         2807                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       350667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       340870                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     14216843                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       350667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       19835950                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        167213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       975242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2363609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       124778                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     14211001                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        18390                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        53520                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     19829346                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     66106792                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     66106792                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     17178370                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        2650967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         3555                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          372473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      1334073                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       719693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8467                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       212147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         14193787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        13479589                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1982                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573560                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3761612                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23817464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257116                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18081212     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2386135     10.02%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201461      5.04%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880359      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697445      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284445      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180050      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93706      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12651      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23817464                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2528     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8252     36.50%     47.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11827     52.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11337621     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200263      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1690      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222865      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717150      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     13479589                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.502290                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22607                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50801231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15770967                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13272041                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     13502196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217891                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       350667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        137582                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12015                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14197374                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1334073                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10050                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114721                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       233667                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13288569                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191020                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            1865974                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1888267                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           717091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.495172                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             13272154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            13272041                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         7618801                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        20536181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.494557                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.370994                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10014557                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     12323250                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1874117                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       207254                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23466797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18383207     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2532026     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945041      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451315      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397454      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218935      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180760      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86326      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271733      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23466797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     10014557                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     12323250                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              1826273                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1116179                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1777134                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        11103105                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       253818                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       271733                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           37392366                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          28745424                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                305118                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               3018782                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          10014557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            12323250                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     10014557                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.679724                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.679724                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.373173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.373173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       59810110                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      18488185                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13174482                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         3398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        1819968                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641888                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97420                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       679425                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647911                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4238                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19282417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             11439410                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           1819968                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       747837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2260806                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        307999                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      2643966                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2726                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1108120                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97628                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.550154                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       22137306     90.73%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          80276      0.33%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         164852      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          69661      0.29%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         373940      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         334772      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          64082      0.26%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         136148      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1037075      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     24398112                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.067818                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.426267                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19076862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      2853839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2252150                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         7346                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       159868                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          247                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     13413307                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1525                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       19103896                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       2640459                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       122968                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2235562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        87310                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     13404879                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           49                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        44326                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        29202                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          462                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     15750804                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     63126808                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     63126808                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     13921383                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        1829402                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         1569                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          800                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          206600                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      3157297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      1594870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14586                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        76991                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         13375999                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1574                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        12837431                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7472                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1066232                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2579906                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           23                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316608                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19786445     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1408422      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139963      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       492568      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615620      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580921      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331300      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26490      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16383      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24398112                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32453     11.36%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246120     86.13%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7190      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8059509     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112218      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3074275     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1590661     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     12837431                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.478362                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285763                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022260                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50366209                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14444172                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12726892                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     13123194                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127762                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       207910                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       2571402                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        26036                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13377593                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3157297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1594870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          800                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15869                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55580                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58257                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       113837                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12747590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3064307                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        89841                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            4654788                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        1669779                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          1590481                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.475014                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             12727326                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            12726892                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         6878864                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        13596058                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.474243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.505945                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10330086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12139478                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239428                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        99331                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501835                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19770485     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626981      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757612      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744396      3.08%     94.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       207570      0.86%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       851389      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64904      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47484      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119381      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24190202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10330086                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12139478                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              4613597                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             3029528                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1603078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        10795073                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       117648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       119381                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           37449688                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          26965772                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                415217                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               2438134                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12139478                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10330086                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.597872                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.597872                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.384930                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.384930                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63006715                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      14789165                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      15956516                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2072122                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695623                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204191                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       847912                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         813869                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214069                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9261                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19967562                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11590977                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2072122                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1027938                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2417906                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        558415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      1100034                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles          457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1222895                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204189                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23837573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21419667     89.86%     89.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         111858      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         178675      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         242110      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         249120      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         210589      0.88%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         118695      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         176360      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1130499      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23837573                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077214                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431915                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       19763675                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      1306406                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2413369                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2787                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       340665                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14222567                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       19817686                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        172756                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      1008601                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2362779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       124415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14216942                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        18061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        53490                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     19839073                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     66138939                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     66138939                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17174667                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2664394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3514                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1822                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          372823                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1331558                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       720480                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8401                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       211653                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14200291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3525                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13479934                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1581816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3793215                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          122                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23837573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565491                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18103739     75.95%     75.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2384484     10.00%     85.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1198889      5.03%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880983      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       698351      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284468      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180437      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93419      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12803      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23837573                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2403     10.59%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8218     36.23%     46.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12062     53.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11337360     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       201034      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1689      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1221871      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717980      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13479934                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.502303                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22683                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50822264                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15785693                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13274605                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13502617                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27215                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       215634                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           63                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10553                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       351331                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        142737                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12290                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14203839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1331558                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       720480                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1825                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10387                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           63                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114908                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       233542                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13291034                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148651                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       188899                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1866569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1887786                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           717918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.495264                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13274709                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13274605                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7619492                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20539092                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.494652                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.370975                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10012388                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12320516                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1883314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3403                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       206521                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23486242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.524584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366797                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18404509     78.36%     78.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2531364     10.78%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944468      4.02%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       450682      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397325      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218993      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180554      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86195      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       272152      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23486242                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10012388                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12320516                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1825845                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1115918                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1776730                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11100619                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       253746                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       272152                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37417855                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          28759018                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                304325                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               2998673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10012388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12320516                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10012388                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.680304                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.680304                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.373092                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.373092                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       59820047                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18491407                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13183232                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               26836153                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        1819042                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1641102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97636                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       679028                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         647369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          99973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19273706                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11432439                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           1819042                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       747342                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2259362                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        308042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      2663420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1214                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1107959                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97871                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     24405753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       22146391     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          80062      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         165262      0.68%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          69604      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         373136      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         334372      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          64269      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         136233      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1036424      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     24405753                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.067783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.426009                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19072695                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      2867190                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2250752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         7345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       207766                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       159766                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          244                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     13405369                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1506                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       207766                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19099631                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       2669850                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       108871                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2234255                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85373                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     13397107                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           57                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        42296                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        29065                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents          380                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     15744339                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     63087829                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     63087829                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     13914695                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        1829562                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         1562                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          203888                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      3154596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      1593336                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        78146                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         13368326                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1567                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        12831840                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7682                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1064217                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2570388                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           16                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24405753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525771                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19797128     81.12%     81.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1406184      5.76%     86.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138702      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493323      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       616512      2.53%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580411      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       330650      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26464      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16379      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24405753                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32237     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245781     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7185      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8058140     62.80%     62.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112111      0.87%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3071647     23.94%     87.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1589174     12.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     12831840                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.478155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285203                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022226                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50362318                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14434477                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12720274                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13117043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23166                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127709                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           60                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          368                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10582                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1127                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       207766                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       2606498                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25514                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13369907                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3154596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593336                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          793                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          368                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55844                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58356                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       114200                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12741201                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3061678                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  14                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            4650685                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1668899                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          1589007                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474777                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             12720714                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            12720274                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         6876448                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        13593127                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473998                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.505877                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10323814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12132417                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1238833                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        99527                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24197987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19780522     81.74%     81.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1626041      6.72%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757612      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744515      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206880      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850659      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64827      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47618      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119313      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24197987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10323814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12132417                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              4609620                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             3026875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1602202                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        10788878                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       117644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       119313                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37449885                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          26950385                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                415018                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2430400                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10323814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12132417                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10323814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.599442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.599442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.384698                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.384698                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       62970619                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      14784304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      15945206                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        1818165                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1640060                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97404                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       693377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         646955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100067                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4225                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19273155                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11427598                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           1818165                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       747022                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2258229                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        307131                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      2641931                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1217                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           42                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1107628                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97634                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     24381895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.851740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       22123666     90.74%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          80050      0.33%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         164933      0.68%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          69671      0.29%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         372763      1.53%     93.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         334171      1.37%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          64625      0.27%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         136193      0.56%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1035823      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     24381895                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067750                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.425827                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19070344                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      2847513                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2249623                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles         7331                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       207079                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       159901                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          243                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     13399515                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1501                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       207079                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19097078                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2646079                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       110824                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2233085                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        87743                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     13391375                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           50                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        44437                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        29351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          548                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     15737857                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     63060719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     63060719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     13914717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        1823058                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         1560                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          792                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          205589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      3153905                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      1593547                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14689                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        78063                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         13363123                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1566                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        12828749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7714                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1059094                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2561749                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24381895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.526159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316582                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19773343     81.10%     81.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1407770      5.77%     86.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138043      4.67%     91.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493495      2.02%     93.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       614767      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       580692      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331028      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26344      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16413      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24381895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32187     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       245950     86.20%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7198      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8054820     62.79%     62.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112102      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          768      0.01%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3071907     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1589152     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     12828749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.478038                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285335                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022242                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50332439                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14424156                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12717447                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13114084                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23316                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          374                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10787                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       207079                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2580086                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25043                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13364704                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          156                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3153905                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1593547                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          792                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15207                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          374                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55679                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58220                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       113899                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12738430                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3061841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            4650817                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1669020                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          1588976                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.474673                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             12717873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            12717447                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         6873453                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        13581665                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473891                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10323832                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12132435                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1233421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1551                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        99302                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24174816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501863                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19756899     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1627189      6.73%     88.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       757752      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       744104      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206044      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       850717      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64875      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47469      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119767      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24174816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     10323832                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12132435                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              4609625                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             3026880                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1602203                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        10788895                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       117644                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       119767                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37420866                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          26938910                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                415006                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2454351                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          10323832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12132435                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     10323832                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.599446                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.599446                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384697                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384697                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       62957799                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      14781306                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      15940431                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         1548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        1829063                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1637273                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147135                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1238911                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1206861                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         106759                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4471                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19410366                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             10401356                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           1829063                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1313620                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2318762                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        485235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       768641                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1175529                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144022                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     22835074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.508958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.742218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20516312     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         358560      1.57%     91.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         174802      0.77%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         353233      1.55%     93.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         108991      0.48%     94.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         328324      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          50109      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          81955      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         862788      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     22835074                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068156                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.387586                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19231051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       952747                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2313893                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       335432                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       168834                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred         1874                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     11600572                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         4485                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       335432                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19252105                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        612381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       275152                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2292946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        67051                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     11581922                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         9008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        51218                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     15143145                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     52435736                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     52435736                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     12232084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2911041                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         1512                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          768                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          154411                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      2122467                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       330574                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        75122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         11520535                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1516                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        10770321                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7201                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2114156                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4354485                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           14                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22835074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.471657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083312                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18111818     79.32%     79.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1467389      6.43%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1606381      7.03%     92.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919337      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469820      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117698      0.52%     99.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136671      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3317      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2643      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22835074                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17679     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7319     23.68%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5914     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8425118     78.23%     78.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82282      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1934807     17.96%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327368      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     10770321                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.401335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30912                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002870                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44413827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13636237                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10494548                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     10801233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8088                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       438485                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           33                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8522                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       335432                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        536740                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8105                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11522060                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2122467                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330574                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          766                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          210                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           33                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        98940                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56560                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       155500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10635545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1907604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       134774                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            2234939                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1618996                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           327335                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.396313                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             10497237                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            10494548                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         6358125                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        13717673                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.391059                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.463499                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8366963                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      9391839                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2130718                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1502                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       146034                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22499642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19017306     84.52%     84.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1358865      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       881529      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       275283      1.22%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464922      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88597      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56389      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50948      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305803      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22499642                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      8366963                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      9391839                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              2006029                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1683977                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1443403                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         8199174                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       114658                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       305803                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           33716370                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          23380805                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                438225                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               4001172                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           8366963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             9391839                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      8366963                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.207406                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.207406                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.311778                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.311778                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       49483038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      13644533                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      12368982                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         1500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        2316785                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1929410                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212915                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       915775                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848536                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9928                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20181029                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12712325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           2316785                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      1097685                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2649506                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        591935                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      1912886                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1254812                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203525                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     25121859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621798                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       22472353     89.45%     89.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         161617      0.64%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         205772      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         326941      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         136236      0.54%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         174980      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         205400      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          93994      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1344566      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     25121859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086330                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.473700                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20063756                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      2043110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2636915                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         1276                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       351854                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     15534851                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1664                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20084397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         65007                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1921490                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2617538                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        56626                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     15439229                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           22                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         8224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        39343                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     21566044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     71800647                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     71800647                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     18027333                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        3538710                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         3800                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2011                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          199933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445198                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       755360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8439                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       171245                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         15074584                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3815                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456861                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        14835                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843244                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3753732                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          206                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25121859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299677                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18994740     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2796509     11.13%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140238      4.54%     91.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641711      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865955      3.45%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267856      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263357      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140443      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11050      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25121859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100018     79.23%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13277     10.52%     89.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12949     10.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12179240     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197530      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1325717      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752586      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456861                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.538707                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126244                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008732                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54176660                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16921739                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14078916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583105                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10761                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273332                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           97                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       376795                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         49641                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6440                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15078403                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11373                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445198                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2012                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5621                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           97                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126726                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       245376                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14204302                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1303732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       252559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            2056223                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        2008050                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           752491                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.529295                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             14079004                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            14078916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         8433982                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        22663345                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.524623                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372142                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10488256                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     12924057                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2154403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       214514                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24745064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522288                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19273257     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2772846     11.21%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1008162      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501339      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458509      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192951      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190557      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90807      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256636      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24745064                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     10488256                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     12924057                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              1916647                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             1171866                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1873281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11635888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       266879                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       256636                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           39566810                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          30533729                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                308566                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1714387                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          10488256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            12924057                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     10488256                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.558695                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.558695                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.390824                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.390824                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       63916029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      19674429                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      14369343                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        1830916                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1638899                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       147285                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1240867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1208068                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         107030                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4445                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19425466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             10410535                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           1830916                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1315098                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2320805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        486003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       749382                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1176518                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       144207                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     22833578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.509456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.743031                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       20512773     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         358778      1.57%     91.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         175199      0.77%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         353679      1.55%     93.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         108359      0.47%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         328963      1.44%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          50271      0.22%     95.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          81836      0.36%     96.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         863720      3.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     22833578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.387928                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19245911                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       933731                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2315973                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1915                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       336047                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       168920                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred         1878                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     11611368                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         4474                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       336047                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       19266907                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles        587883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       280403                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2294984                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        67347                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     11592677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           42                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         9165                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        51328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     15156291                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     52484754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     52484754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     12236510                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        2919755                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         1518                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          774                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          155811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      2124220                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       330830                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2984                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        75064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         11530541                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1522                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        10778099                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7289                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2120222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4366838                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     22833578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.472028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.083668                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18106941     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1468160      6.43%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1608092      7.04%     92.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       919927      4.03%     96.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       469784      2.06%     98.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       117791      0.52%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       136942      0.60%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3297      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2644      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     22833578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         17730     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7294     23.57%     80.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         5918     19.13%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8430738     78.22%     78.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        82372      0.76%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          746      0.01%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1936696     17.97%     96.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       327547      3.04%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     10778099                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.401625                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             30942                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002871                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     44428007                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     13652317                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     10501254                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     10809041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8206                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       439116                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         8775                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       336047                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles        511948                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         8002                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     11532070                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          792                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2124220                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       330830                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          771                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         3883                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          202                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        99075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        56763                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       155838                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     10642375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1909335                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       135724                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2236834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        1620130                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           327499                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.396567                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             10504064                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            10501254                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         6362736                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        13728916                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.391309                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.463455                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8370708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      9395584                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2136941                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1503                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       146176                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22497531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.417627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285776                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19012852     84.51%     84.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1359890      6.04%     90.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       882081      3.92%     94.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       276219      1.23%     95.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       464939      2.07%     97.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        88587      0.39%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        56263      0.25%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        50994      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       305706      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22497531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      8370708                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      9395584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              2007152                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1685097                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1444023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         8202301                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       114659                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       305706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           33724324                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          23401355                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                438439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               4002668                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           8370708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             9395584                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      8370708                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.205971                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.205971                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.311918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.311918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       49516343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      13652177                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      12379910                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         1502                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2316364                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1928542                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212486                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       912001                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         847208                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249281                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9968                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20176233                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             12709818                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2316364                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1096489                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2649434                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        590613                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      1923178                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2894                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           81                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1254130                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     25128018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.621583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.983009                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       22478584     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         162218      0.65%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         204823      0.82%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         326839      1.30%     92.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         137266      0.55%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         174965      0.70%     93.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         204832      0.82%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          94045      0.37%     94.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1344446      5.35%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     25128018                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.086315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.473606                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       20060849                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      2053154                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2636839                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         1245                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       375924                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       352329                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     15533003                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       375924                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       20081315                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         64885                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1932081                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2617588                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        56219                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     15436933                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         8154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        39154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     21562845                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     71787281                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     71787281                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     18032906                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        3529939                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1969                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          198589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445819                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       755482                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8202                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       170360                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         15072645                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3773                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        14456786                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15203                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1835571                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3746760                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25128018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.299523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19001041     75.62%     75.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2795449     11.12%     86.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1141917      4.54%     91.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       640587      2.55%     93.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       866986      3.45%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267199      1.06%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263169      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140571      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11099      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25128018                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100072     79.17%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13390     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12936     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12178156     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197700      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1788      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1326387      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       752755      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     14456786                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.538704                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126398                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008743                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54183191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16912082                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14079514                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     14583184                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10484                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       273602                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10487                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       375924                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         49632                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6529                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15076423                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11461                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445819                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       755482                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1970                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5706                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       125941                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118557                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       244498                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14205276                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1304337                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251510                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            2056995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        2008850                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           752658                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.529332                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             14079602                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            14079514                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         8434451                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        22655619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.524645                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10491461                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12928024                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2148460                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3609                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       214078                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24752094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.522300                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.340580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19279417     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773392     11.20%     89.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1007546      4.07%     93.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       501457      2.03%     95.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       458960      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193143      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190430      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90958      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256791      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24752094                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     10491461                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12928024                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1917212                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1172217                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1800                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1873855                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11639452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       266961                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       256791                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           39571709                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          30528904                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                308181                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               1708228                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          10491461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12928024                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     10491461                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.557913                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.557913                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390944                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390944                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       63917138                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      19675577                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      14367106                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3606                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2071997                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695363                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204861                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       872433                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816031                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9335                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19980870                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11579910                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2071997                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1030261                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2418320                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        558323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      1046898                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1224046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204867                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23796919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21378599     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         112560      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         179321      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         242257      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         249565      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         211294      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         118836      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         175359      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1129128      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23796919                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077209                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.431503                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       19776073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      1253706                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2413762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2802                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       350571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       340765                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14213004                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       350571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       19830303                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        166578                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       961752                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2362971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       124739                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14207153                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        18388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        53500                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     19824089                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     66088965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     66088965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17173824                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2650265                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3554                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1861                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          372359                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1333702                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       719485                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8464                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       212099                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14189934                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3563                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13475886                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1573147                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3760870                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          161                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23796919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18062203     75.90%     75.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2385517     10.02%     85.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1201154      5.05%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880100      3.70%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697258      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284357      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180008      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93680      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12642      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23796919                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2530     11.19%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8249     36.50%     47.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11821     52.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11334520     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200211      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1689      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222526      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       716940      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13475886                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.502152                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22600                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001677                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50773279                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15766701                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13268404                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13498486                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27020                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       217834                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9599                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       350571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        137009                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12020                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14193521                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1333702                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719485                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1864                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10051                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118911                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       233596                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13284923                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1148558                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190963                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  24                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1865440                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1887740                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           716882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.495037                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13268518                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13268404                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7616755                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20530698                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.494421                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.370993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10011898                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12319916                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1873607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       207192                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23446348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367520                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18364076     78.32%     78.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2531383     10.80%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       944817      4.03%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451195      1.92%     95.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397348      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       218861      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180712      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86303      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271653      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23446348                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10011898                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12319916                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1825754                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1115868                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1776645                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11100082                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       253735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       271653                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37368153                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          28737631                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                305039                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               3039327                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10011898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12319916                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10011898                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.680435                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.680435                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.373074                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.373074                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       59793717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18483221                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13170953                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2319935                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1931519                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       212821                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       913397                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         848526                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         249662                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9979                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20207105                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12729237                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2319935                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1098188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2653481                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        591520                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      1883705                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1256047                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203403                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     25121258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.622701                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.984615                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       22467777     89.44%     89.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         162459      0.65%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         205132      0.82%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         327344      1.30%     92.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         137474      0.55%     92.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         175231      0.70%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         205163      0.82%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          94185      0.37%     94.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1346493      5.36%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     25121258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.474330                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       20088796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      2013848                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2640870                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1244                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       376493                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       352866                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          274                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15556752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1639                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       376493                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20109290                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         64920                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      1892672                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2621590                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        56287                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15460538                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39205                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21595720                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     71897096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     71897096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     18060420                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3535300                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3764                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1972                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          198828                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1448028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       756640                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8213                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       170623                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15095649                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3778                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14478933                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1838349                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3752126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          165                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     25121258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576362                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300448                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18984833     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2799786     11.15%     86.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143649      4.55%     91.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       641575      2.55%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       868354      3.46%     97.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267620      1.07%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       263589      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140742      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11110      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     25121258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100207     79.18%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13404     10.59%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12951     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12196809     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197993      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1791      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1328427      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       753913      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14478933                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.539529                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126562                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008741                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     54220919                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16937869                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14101068                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14605495                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10498                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       274007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            5                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10500                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       376493                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49658                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15099432                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11477                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1448028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       756640                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       126140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       118752                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       244892                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14227042                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1306352                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251891                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2060168                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2011944                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           753816                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.530143                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14101156                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14101068                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8447315                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22690434                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.525449                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372285                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10507497                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12947822                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2151671                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3613                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       214416                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24744765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.523255                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.341617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19263689     77.85%     77.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2777640     11.23%     89.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1009129      4.08%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       502213      2.03%     95.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       459657      1.86%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       193441      0.78%     97.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190713      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        91090      0.37%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       257193      1.04%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24744765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10507497                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12947822                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1920161                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1174021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1802                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1876755                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11657256                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       267371                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       257193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           39586987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30575491                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                308625                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1714988                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10507497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12947822                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10507497                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.554009                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.554009                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.391541                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.391541                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       64015019                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19705615                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14389054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3610                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        1957634                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1604500                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       193531                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       798619                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         761247                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         200549                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8580                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18712057                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             11146321                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           1957634                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       961796                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2449792                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        554182                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      1944671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1155043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       192607                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23463596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.581072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.916808                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21013804     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         265556      1.13%     90.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         306444      1.31%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         168013      0.72%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         193233      0.82%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         106345      0.45%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          72515      0.31%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7         189672      0.81%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1148014      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23463596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.072947                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.415346                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       18553408                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      2106510                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2428861                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        19782                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       355034                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       318235                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred         2042                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     13608954                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        10869                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       355034                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       18584056                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles        473127                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1548861                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2418719                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        83790                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     13599751                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           18                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents        20427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39408                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     18892202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     63328280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     63328280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     16071142                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        2821039                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3586                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2017                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          227471                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1303845                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       708435                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        18764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       157381                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         13574180                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3593                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        12808370                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18430                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1735855                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4042147                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          435                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23463596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.545883                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18069088     77.01%     77.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2166771      9.23%     86.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1167132      4.97%     91.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       808117      3.44%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       705911      3.01%     97.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       360199      1.54%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        88216      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        56247      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        41915      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23463596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3137     11.07%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12607     44.50%     55.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12587     44.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10716309     83.67%     83.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200355      1.56%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1565      0.01%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1187560      9.27%     94.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       702581      5.49%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     12808370                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.477279                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             28331                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002212                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     49127096                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15313764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12588950                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     12836701                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        32145                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       238093                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           83                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          139                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        18526                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          783                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          406                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       355034                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles        436116                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles        13144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13577801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7716                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1303845                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       708435                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2016                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9167                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          139                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       110997                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       109921                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       220918                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12614900                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1113718                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       193469                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            1816041                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        1763547                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           702323                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.470069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             12589175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            12588950                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         7482284                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        19605469                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.469102                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381643                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9439865                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     11581507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1996380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3158                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       194568                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23108562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.316913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18376944     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2193766      9.49%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       921325      3.99%     93.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       551243      2.39%     95.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       382322      1.65%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       246519      1.07%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       129459      0.56%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       103147      0.45%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       203837      0.88%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23108562                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      9439865                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     11581507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1755661                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1065752                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1657384                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        10441391                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       235648                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       203837                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           36482547                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          27510833                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                289773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               3372650                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           9439865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            11581507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      9439865                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.842863                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.842863                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.351758                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.351758                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       56902428                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      17467603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      12697525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3154                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        1822610                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1644041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        97465                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       688377                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         648887                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         100127                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4245                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19313156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11456895                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           1822610                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       749014                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2263739                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        308077                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      2564518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles         2758                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           50                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1109815                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        97682                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     24352404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.551945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.854769                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       22088665     90.70%     90.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          80134      0.33%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         165268      0.68%     91.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          69580      0.29%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         374335      1.54%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         334943      1.38%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          64806      0.27%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         136487      0.56%     95.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1038186      4.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     24352404                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.067916                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.426919                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19113168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      2768845                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2255050                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         7397                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       160298                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          245                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     13431976                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1513                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19139952                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2563240                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       115413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2238550                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        87303                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     13423438                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           45                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        43602                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        29079                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1195                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     15772783                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     63212468                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     63212468                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     13944037                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        1828738                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         1568                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          797                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          205066                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      3161404                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      1597667                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        14419                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        77572                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         13395327                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1573                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        12859339                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7907                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1063999                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2566981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24352404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.528052                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.318353                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19731006     81.02%     81.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1411892      5.80%     86.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1143520      4.70%     91.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       493826      2.03%     93.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       615689      2.53%     96.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       581836      2.39%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       331786      1.36%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        26515      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        16334      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24352404                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32353     11.32%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       246392     86.17%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         7179      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8073505     62.78%     62.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       112427      0.87%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          770      0.01%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3079425     23.95%     87.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1593212     12.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     12859339                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.479178                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            285924                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022235                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50364913                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14461265                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12748264                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13145263                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        23141                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       127082                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           52                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          367                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11069                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       207939                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       2497834                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        25629                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13396917                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          160                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3161404                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1597667                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          797                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        15826                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          367                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        55755                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        58154                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       113909                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12769070                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3069457                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        90269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  17                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            4662478                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1672818                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          1593021                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.475814                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             12748703                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            12748264                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         6890659                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        13612942                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.475039                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.506184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10346755                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12159083                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1239273                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1555                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        99387                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24144465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.503597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322276                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19716491     81.66%     81.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1630121      6.75%     88.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       759854      3.15%     91.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       746742      3.09%     94.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       206355      0.85%     95.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       852729      3.53%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        64954      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        47513      0.20%     99.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       119706      0.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24144465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     10346755                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12159083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              4620920                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             3034322                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               776                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1605662                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10812510                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       117836                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       119706                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           37423076                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          27004687                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                415771                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2483842                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          10346755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12159083                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     10346755                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.593687                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.593687                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.385552                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.385552                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       63112718                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      14814997                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      15981389                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         1552                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2072700                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1695974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204855                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       873732                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         816741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         214241                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9316                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19992954                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11582726                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2072700                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1030982                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2419047                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        557882                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      1066585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1224554                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204874                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23828982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597134                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21409935     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         112606      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         179433      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         242292      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         249826      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         211267      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         119175      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         175531      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1128917      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23828982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077235                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431608                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       19788131                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      1273417                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2414494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       350136                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       340830                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          261                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14215899                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1512                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       350136                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       19842414                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        169172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       978709                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2363643                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       124903                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14210045                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        18428                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        53577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     19827884                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     66102413                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     66102413                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17185777                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2642107                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          372972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1333471                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       719818                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       212101                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14192962                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3564                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13481913                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1566777                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3744278                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          162                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23828982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18091117     75.92%     75.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2387148     10.02%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1202157      5.04%     90.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       880219      3.69%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       697405      2.93%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       284315      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       180409      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        93551      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12661      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23828982                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2513     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8252     36.53%     47.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11824     52.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11339736     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       200401      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1690      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1222759      9.07%     94.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       717327      5.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13481913                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502377                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22589                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001676                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50817385                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15763360                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13275102                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13504502                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       216811                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           59                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9431                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       350136                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        139723                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11969                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14196547                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1549                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1333471                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       719818                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1865                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           59                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       114493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       233587                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13291522                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1149250                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1866520                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1888883                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           717270                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495282                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13275217                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13275102                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7620195                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20539317                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.494671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371005                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10018847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12328535                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1868014                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3402                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       207186                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23478846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525091                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367143                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18393019     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2533229     10.79%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       945567      4.03%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       451222      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       397672      1.69%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219219      0.93%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180648      0.77%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        86325      0.37%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       271945      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23478846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10018847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12328535                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1827047                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1116660                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1698                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1777897                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11107841                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       253916                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       271945                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37403385                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          28743247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                305104                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               3007264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10018847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12328535                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10018847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.678576                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.678576                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.373333                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.373333                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       59824183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18491483                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13174762                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3398                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               26836246                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        1888730                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1544800                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       186495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       779413                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         741361                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         193535                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         8312                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     18312508                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             10721231                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           1888730                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       934896                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2244360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        544376                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       884257                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1128127                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       187474                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     21794958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600996                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946133                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       19550598     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         121976      0.56%     90.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         191243      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         304668      1.40%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         126412      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         141701      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         151152      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          98509      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1108699      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     21794958                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070380                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399506                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       18138077                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      1060430                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2237141                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         5771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       309258                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          276                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     13087974                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1633                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       18167152                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        223258                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       753150                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2214351                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        83508                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     13077806                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents         2542                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        22585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        30903                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6097                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     18153819                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     60830357                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     60830357                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     15445676                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2708113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3391                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1897                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          247356                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1247654                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       669815                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20086                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       153610                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         13056869                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3403                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        12338744                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        16314                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1683983                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783813                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          387                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     21794958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566128                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259697                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     16590649     76.12%     76.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2090457      9.59%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140911      5.23%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       779481      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       728248      3.34%     97.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       208075      0.95%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       163450      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        55541      0.25%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        38146      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     21794958                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2911     12.71%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8793     38.40%     51.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11196     48.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     10335697     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       195305      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1493      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1141055      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       665194      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     12338744                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.459779                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22900                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001856                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46511653                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14744403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12137371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     12361644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        37041                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       228239                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           39                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          152                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        21714                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          793                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       353535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        150067                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11490                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     13060307                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5433                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1247654                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       669815                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1896                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          152                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       107721                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       107292                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       215013                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     12161272                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1072930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       177465                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  35                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1737783                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1710721                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           664853                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.453166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             12137574                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            12137371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7097969                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        18540186                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.452275                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9072776                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     11120612                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1939731                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3016                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       190188                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     21441423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.518651                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     16924746     78.93%     78.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2188274     10.21%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       852036      3.97%     93.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       459242      2.14%     95.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       342144      1.60%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191408      0.89%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       119064      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       105532      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       258977      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     21441423                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      9072776                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     11120612                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1667512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1019411                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1504                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1596235                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        10020503                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       225880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       258977                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           34242724                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          26474273                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                298695                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               5041288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            11120612                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      9072776                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.957887                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.957887                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.338079                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.338079                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       54837700                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      16825328                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      12207231                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3014                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.517862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         159273                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        48.529250                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.361599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    28.039883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   551.032459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1441.083921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.013691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.269059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.703654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2836                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                  2838                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 909                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                   2853                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2851                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                  2853                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total     1078575257                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62327375                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1016247882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total    1078575257                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              4073                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             909                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               4088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              4088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296976                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.303216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.302104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295876                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.302104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1684523.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 848287.046745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 873340.289069                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1197                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     59077342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    911041857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    970119199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.296728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.295629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.308271                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.183955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.308271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.183955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1596684.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 761104.308271                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 786158.183955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         1235                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.518945                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         159281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         3283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        48.516905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363139                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    28.032042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   551.681641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1440.442123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.013688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.269376                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.703341                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                  2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                   2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                  2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                1236                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62594928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    998492366                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1061087294                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62594928                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    998492366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     1061087294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62594928                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    998492366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    1061087294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total              4080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total               4095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total              4095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.296709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1691754.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 832770.947456                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 858484.865696                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1691754.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 832770.947456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 858484.865696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1691754.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 832770.947456                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 858484.865696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59344408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    893188122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    952532530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59344408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    893188122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    952532530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     59344408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    893188122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    952532530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.296461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1603902.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 745566.045075                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771281.400810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1603902.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 745566.045075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771281.400810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1603902.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 745566.045075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 771281.400810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         3427                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.930454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         155064                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         5475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        28.322192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.275963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.431276                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1197.184598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         831.038618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.584563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.405781                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4178                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                  4179                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                1318                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                   4181                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         4180                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                  4181                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                3420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 3427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                3427                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3216140922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3284553674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      8809180                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     3293362854                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68412752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3224950102                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    3293362854                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              7599                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            1318                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               7608                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              7608                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.450059                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.450447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.450447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 950396.253546                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960395.811111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1258454.285714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1900354.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 951032.173990                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 961004.626204                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     605                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            3427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3391                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2919025722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2984277674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8194580                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     65251952                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2927220302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2992472254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447501                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450059                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.447893                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.450447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 862596.253546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872595.811111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1170654.285714                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1812554.222222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 863232.173990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873204.626204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                         1246                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.531421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         159279                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         3294                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        48.354281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.369821                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    31.524931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   554.865054                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1433.771614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.015393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.270930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.700084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2840                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                  2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                   2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2855                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                  2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                1247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                 1247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1205                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                1247                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124785138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036459674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1161244812                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124785138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036459674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total     1161244812                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    124785138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1036459674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total    1161244812                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total              4089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total               4104                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total              4104                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.304965                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296798                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.303850                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296798                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.303850                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2971074.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860132.509544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931230.803528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2971074.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860132.509544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931230.803528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2971074.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860132.509544                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931230.803528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                     532                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1246                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total            1246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1204                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total           1246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121097538                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930507202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051604740                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121097538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930507202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051604740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    121097538                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    930507202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1051604740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.297651                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.304720                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.296552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.303606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2883274.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772846.513289                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843984.542536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2883274.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772846.513289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843984.542536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2883274.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772846.513289                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843984.542536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         3434                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.925305                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         155040                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         5482                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        28.281649                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.158722                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.945949                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1201.203991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         827.616643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002031                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.007298                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.586525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.404110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                  4162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1312                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                1312                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                   4163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         4162                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                  4163                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3391                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                3427                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 3435                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3399                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                3435                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71692087                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3232216729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3303908816                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12791492                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     12791492                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71692087                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3245008221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     3316700308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     71692087                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3245008221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    3316700308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7552                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total              7589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            1312                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7561                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total               7598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         7561                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total              7598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449020                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451575                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449544                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.452093                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449544                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.452093                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991446.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 953175.089649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964081.942224                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1598936.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1598936.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991446.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 954694.975287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 965560.497234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1991446.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 954694.975287                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 965560.497234                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                607                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     607                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            3435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         3399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           3435                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68531287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2934539459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3003070746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12089092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12089092                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68531287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2946628551                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015159838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     68531287                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2946628551                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3015159838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449544                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452093                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.449544                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.452093                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1903646.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 865390.580655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 876297.270499                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1511136.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1511136.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1903646.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 866910.429832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877775.789811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1903646.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 866910.429832                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 877775.789811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         3426                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.925433                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         155037                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         5474                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        28.322433                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.216666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.718007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1200.933016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         829.057743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.586393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.404813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4160                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                  4161                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1309                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                1309                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                   4163                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         4162                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                  4163                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3385                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                3419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 3426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3392                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                3426                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63589217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3247096652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3310685869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7808158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7808158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63589217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3254904810                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     3318494027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63589217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3254904810                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    3318494027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              7580                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1309                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            1309                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               7589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         7554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              7589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.448641                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.777778                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.449034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451443                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.449034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451443                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870271.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 959260.458493                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 968319.938286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1115451.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1115451.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870271.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 959582.785967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 968620.556626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1870271.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 959582.785967                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 968620.556626                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                604                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     604                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            3426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           3426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60604017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2949893652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3010497669                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      7193558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7193558                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60604017                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2957087210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017691227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     60604017                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2957087210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3017691227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.448641                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.777778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.449034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451443                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.449034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451443                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1782471.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 871460.458493                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880519.938286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1027651.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1027651.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1782471.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 871782.785967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880820.556626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1782471.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 871782.785967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 880820.556626                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                         1896                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.882146                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         122326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         3944                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        31.015720                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.478845                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    18.480763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   807.700272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1192.222266                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.009024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.394385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.582140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999942                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                  3416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 631                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                   3422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         3421                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                  3422                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                1896                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                 1896                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                1896                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43519453                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1514419758                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1557939211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43519453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1514419758                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total     1557939211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43519453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1514419758                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total    1557939211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total              5312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             631                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               5318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              5318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.356928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1611831.592593                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 810283.444623                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821697.896097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1611831.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 810283.444623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821697.896097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1611831.592593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 810283.444623                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821697.896097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total            1896                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total           1896                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     41148853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1350255688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391404541                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     41148853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1350255688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391404541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     41148853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1350255688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1391404541                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353709                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356928                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356525                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356525                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524031.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722448.201177                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733863.154536                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524031.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722448.201177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733863.154536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1524031.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 722448.201177                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733863.154536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          966                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.491633                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         183059                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         3011                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        60.796745                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.491633                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.094832                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   446.964255                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1531.940913                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018795                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.014695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.218244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.748018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2904                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                  2906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 923                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                   2921                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2919                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                  2921                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 966                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90799390                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    769348296                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     860147686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90799390                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    769348296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      860147686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     90799390                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    769348296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     860147686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total              3872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             923                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total               3887                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total              3887                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2454037.567568                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 828146.712594                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 890422.035197                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2454037.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 828146.712594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 890422.035197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2454037.567568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 828146.712594                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 890422.035197                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          929                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87550790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    687772388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    775323178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87550790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    687772388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    775323178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     87550790                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    687772388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    775323178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.242369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.241424                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2366237.567568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 740336.262648                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802611.985507                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2366237.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 740336.262648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802611.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2366237.567568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 740336.262648                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 802611.985507                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                         1899                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.862703                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         122322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         3947                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        30.991133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.482551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.930432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   806.886182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1191.563538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.393987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.581818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                  3415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 628                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                   3421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         3420                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                  3421                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                1899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                 1899                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                1899                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50081266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498177092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1548258358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50081266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498177092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     1548258358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50081266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1498177092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    1548258358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total              5314                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             628                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total               5320                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total              5320                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.357358                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.356955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.356955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1669375.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 801592.879615                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815301.926277                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1669375.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 801592.879615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815301.926277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1669375.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 801592.879615                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815301.926277                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                     241                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total            1899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total           1899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47446955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1334061433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381508388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47446955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1334061433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381508388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     47446955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1334061433                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1381508388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.357358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.967742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.353375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.356955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1581565.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713783.538256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727492.568720                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1581565.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713783.538256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727492.568720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1581565.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 713783.538256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727492.568720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.428944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         183068                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        60.779548                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.428944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    29.290326                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   446.189483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1533.520191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.014302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.217866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.748789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2908                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                  2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                   2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         2925                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                  2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103585466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771050493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     874635959                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103585466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771050493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      874635959                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103585466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    771050493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     874635959                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total              3877                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total               3894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total              3894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242314                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249420                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2799607.189189                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829086.551613                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 904483.928645                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2799607.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829086.551613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 904483.928645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2799607.189189                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 829086.551613                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 904483.928645                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100325789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    689045215                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    789371004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100325789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    689045215                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    789371004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    100325789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    689045215                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    789371004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.242314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.241245                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248331                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711507.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740908.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816309.207859                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711507.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740908.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816309.207859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2711507.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 740908.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 816309.207859                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         1235                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.518837                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         159281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         3283                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        48.516905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.363088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    28.042377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   551.421310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1440.692062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.013693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.269249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.703463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                  2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                   2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                  2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                1236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 1236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                1236                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61881888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1002966983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1064848871                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61881888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1002966983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     1064848871                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61881888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1002966983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    1064848871                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              4080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               4095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              4095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302941                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301832                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301832                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1672483.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 836502.904921                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 861528.212783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1672483.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 836502.904921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 861528.212783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1672483.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 836502.904921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 861528.212783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            1235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           1235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58633288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    896777783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    955411071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58633288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    896777783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    955411071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58633288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    896777783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    955411071                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.296461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302696                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1584683.459459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 748562.423205                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773612.203239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1584683.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 748562.423205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773612.203239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1584683.459459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 748562.423205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 773612.203239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          967                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.427071                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         183070                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         3012                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        60.780212                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.427071                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    29.287699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   446.761775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1532.950526                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.014301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.218145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.748511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                  2912                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 926                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                  17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2927                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                   2929                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2927                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                  2929                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 967                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  967                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 967                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105565251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    754144144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     859709395                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105565251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    754144144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      859709395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    105565251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    754144144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     859709395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total              3879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             926                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total              17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total               3896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total              3896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242188                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.249291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.248203                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.248203                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2853114.891892                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 810907.681720                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 889047.978283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2853114.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 810907.681720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 889047.978283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2853114.891892                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 810907.681720                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 889047.978283                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                512                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                     512                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          930                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            967                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102314444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    672463380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    774777824                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102314444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    672463380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    774777824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    102314444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    672463380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    774777824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.242188                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.249291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.241120                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.248203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2765255.243243                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 723078.903226                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801218.018614                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2765255.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 723078.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801218.018614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2765255.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 723078.903226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 801218.018614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                         1874                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.477806                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         181265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         3920                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        46.241071                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          45.998537                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.484059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   836.907072                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1145.088137                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.022460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.408646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.559125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3529                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                  3530                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                1914                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                   3545                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         3544                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                  3545                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                1870                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 3                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                 1873                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                1873                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61925911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1590419005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1652344916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      2185499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2185499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61925911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1592604504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     1654530415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     61925911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1592604504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    1654530415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total              5400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            1914                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total               5418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total              5418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346296                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.166667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345700                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345700                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876542.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865769.735983                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 883606.906952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 728499.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 728499.666667                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876542.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865545.926087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 883358.470368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1876542.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 865545.926087                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 883358.470368                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    1075                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total            1873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total           1873                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59028511                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1429106479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1488134990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1922099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1922099                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59028511                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1431028578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1490057089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     59028511                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1431028578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1490057089                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.342341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346296                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.166667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.341753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345700                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788742.757576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777956.711486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795794.112299                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 640699.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 640699.666667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788742.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777732.922826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795545.696209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1788742.757576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 777732.922826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 795545.696209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                         3440                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.927070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         155053                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         5488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        28.253098                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks           4.072668                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    14.560972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1201.761853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         827.531576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001989                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.586798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.404068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                  4172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           1315                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                1315                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                   4173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4172                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                  4173                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                3432                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                 3440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                3440                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3195542573                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    3264237257                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7851956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7851956                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3203394529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total     3272089213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68694684                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3203394529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total    3272089213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total              7604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         1315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            1315                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total               7613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total              7613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.448936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.451341                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.888889                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.451859                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.451859                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940418.650088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 951118.081876                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 981494.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981494.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940515.128890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 951188.724709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 2020431.882353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 940515.128890                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 951188.724709                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                609                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                     609                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           3432                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total            3440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         3406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total           3440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2897155902                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2962864136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7149556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7149556                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2904305458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970013692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     65708234                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2904305458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2970013692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.448936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451341                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.888889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451859                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.449459                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.451859                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932595.117647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852606.210124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863305.400932                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 893694.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893694.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932595.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852702.718144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863376.073256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1932595.117647                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 852702.718144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 863376.073256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                         1234                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.518987                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         159281                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         3282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        48.531688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.362545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    27.878138                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   551.904960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1440.373344                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.013612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.269485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.703307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                  2844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 911                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                   2859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2857                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                  2859                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1199                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                1235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1199                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                 1235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1199                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                1235                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64077687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1001791701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1065869388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64077687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1001791701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total     1065869388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64077687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1001791701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total    1065869388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              4079                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             911                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               4094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              4094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296709                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.302770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.301661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295611                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.301661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779935.750000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 835522.686405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 863052.136032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779935.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 835522.686405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 863052.136032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1779935.750000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 835522.686405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 863052.136032                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     527                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total            1234                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total           1234                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60916875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    895561356                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    956478231                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60916875                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    895561356                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    956478231                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60916875                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    895561356                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    956478231                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.296461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.302525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301417                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.295365                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.301417                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1692135.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 747547.041736                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775103.914911                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1692135.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 747547.041736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775103.914911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1692135.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 747547.041736                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 775103.914911                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                         2990                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.543348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         124008                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         5038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        24.614530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.081319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    23.451942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   878.981856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1133.028230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005899                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.011451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.429190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.553236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999777                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                  3690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 753                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  10                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                   3700                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3699                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                  3700                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                2985                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                 2990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                2990                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79465361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2742697797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    2822163158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9499252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9499252                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79465361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752197049                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total     2831662410                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79465361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2752197049                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total    2831662410                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total              6675                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             753                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total               6690                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total              6690                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.447191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.446936                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.446936                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2147712.459459                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 930358.818521                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945448.294137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1899850.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1899850.400000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2147712.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932000.355232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 947044.284281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2147712.459459                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 932000.355232                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 947044.284281                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     468                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2948                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           2985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total            2990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2953                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total           2990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76215886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2483815390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2560031276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      9060252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9060252                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76215886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492875642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569091528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     76215886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2492875642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2569091528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.444177                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.447191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.443927                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446936                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059888.810811                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 842542.533921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857631.918258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 1812050.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1812050.400000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059888.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844184.098205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859227.935786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2059888.810811                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 844184.098205                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859227.935786                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              506.723346                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230683                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1947919.616732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    31.723346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.050839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222587                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222587                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78182015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222638                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1532980.686275                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62784565                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1609860.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 4049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              152643158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 4305                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             35457.179559                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   221.102764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    34.897236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.863683                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.136317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        839524                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       705706                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1545230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1545230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        12953                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        12953                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397889748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6631824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404521572                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       852393                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       705790                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1838                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1697                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1558183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015097                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341742.928588                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78950.285714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340038.722458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             909                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8904                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4049                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1210810045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971571                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1211781616                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004733                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 300151.225830                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64771.400000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299279.233391                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              506.731578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1001232442                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1947923.038911                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    31.731578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.050852                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1224346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224346                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1224346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1224346                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1224346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1224346                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82639556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82639556                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82639556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82639556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82639556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82639556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1224397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1224397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1224397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000042                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1620383.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1620383.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1620383.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1620383.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1620383.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1620383.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63052113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63052113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63052113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63052113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63052113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63052113                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1616720.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616720.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1616720.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616720.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1616720.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1616720.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 4056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              152645425                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 4312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35400.144944                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   221.147573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    34.852427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.863858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.136142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       840747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       706746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706746                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1547493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        1547493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1547493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       1547493                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4346167572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4346167572                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      6630642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6630642                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4352798214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4352798214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   4352798214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4352798214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       853635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       706830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1560465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1560465                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1560465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1560465                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015098                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008313                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 337225.913408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337225.913408                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78936.214286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78936.214286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335553.362165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335553.362165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 335553.362165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335553.362165                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1193423913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1193423913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       971611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1194395524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194395524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1194395524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1194395524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 295328.857461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295328.857461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64774.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64774.066667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 294476.214004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294476.214004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 294476.214004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294476.214004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              572.452850                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1032064831                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1779422.122414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    31.322825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   541.130024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.050197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.917392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1108066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1108066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1108066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91455666                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1108118                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1758762.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1167350                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       583675                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68795295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1859332.297297                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 7571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              406612924                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 7827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             51950.035007                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   110.966544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   145.033456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.433463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.566537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2890430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1582464                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        4472894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       4472894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27565                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        27595                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        27595                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13378594619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     29631466                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13408226085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2917995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1582494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          780                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4500489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 485347.165572                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 987715.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 485893.317086                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            1318                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3529730126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9007300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3538737426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 466772.034647                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000811.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 467406.871747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              510.997320                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1001230935                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1929154.017341                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.997320                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.818906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1222839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1222839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1222839                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142470251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142470251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142470251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142470251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    142470251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142470251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1222894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590368.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2590368.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2590368.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       833312                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       416656                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125270983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125270983                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125270983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125270983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    125270983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125270983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2847067.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2847067.795455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2847067.795455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4060                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152644869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4316                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             35367.207831                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   221.116194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    34.883806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.863735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.136265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       840400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840400                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       706576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706576                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1546976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1546976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1546976                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           86                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13006                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13006                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4397919142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4397919142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6870780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6870780                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4404789922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4404789922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   4404789922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4404789922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       853320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853320                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706662                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1800                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1700                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1559982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1559982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1559982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015141                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000122                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 340396.218421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340396.218421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 79892.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79892.790698                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338673.683069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338673.683069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338673.683069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338673.683069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         8946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8946                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4045                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4060                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1231293387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1231293387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       979162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       979162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232272549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232272549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1232272549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1232272549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004740                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 304398.859580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 304398.859580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 65277.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65277.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 303515.406158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303515.406158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 303515.406158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 303515.406158                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              571.923231                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1032064671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1779421.846552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    30.898712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   541.024519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.049517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.867026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1107906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1107906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1107906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93510461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93510461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93510461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93510461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93510461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93510461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107957                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107957                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1107957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107957                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000046                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1833538.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1833538.450980                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1833538.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1833538.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1833538.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1833538.450980                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       566647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 283323.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72076430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72076430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72076430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72076430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72076430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72076430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1948011.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1948011.621622                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1948011.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1948011.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1948011.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1948011.621622                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 7560                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              406608947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 7816                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             52022.639074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   110.969453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   145.030547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.433474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.566526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      2887779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2887779                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1581140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4468919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        4468919                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      4468919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       4468919                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        27637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        27637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        27637                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13423676008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13423676008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     43565309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     43565309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13467241317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13467241317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13467241317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13467241317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      2915386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2915386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1581170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4496556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4496556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      4496556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4496556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 486241.750571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 486241.750571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1452176.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1452176.966667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 487290.274523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487290.274523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 487290.274523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487290.274523                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1312                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        20076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20076                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         7561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7561                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3544616718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3544616718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     12921992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     12921992                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3557538710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3557538710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3557538710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3557538710                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002590                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001682                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 469361.323888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 469361.323888                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 1435776.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1435776.888889                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 470511.666446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470511.666446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 470511.666446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 470511.666446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              570.994424                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1032064341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1785578.444637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    29.864205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   541.130219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.047859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.867196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1107576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1107576                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1107576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1107576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1107576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1107576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87817901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87817901                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87817901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87817901                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87817901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87817901                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1107626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1107626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1107626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1107626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1107626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1107626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756358.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1756358.020000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756358.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1756358.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756358.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1756358.020000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       567448                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       283724                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63954543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63954543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63954543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63954543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     63954543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63954543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827272.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827272.657143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827272.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827272.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1827272.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1827272.657143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 7554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              406608965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 7810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             52062.607554                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   110.970432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   145.029568                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.433478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.566522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      2887797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2887797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1581140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1581140                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4468937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        4468937                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      4468937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       4468937                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27603                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        27633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        27633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        27633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13444902778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13444902778                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     26904557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26904557                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13471807335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13471807335                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  13471807335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13471807335                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      2915400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2915400                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1581170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1581170                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4496570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4496570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      4496570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4496570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006145                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 487081.215013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 487081.215013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 896818.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 896818.566667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 487526.049832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 487526.049832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 487526.049832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 487526.049832                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1309                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        20079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20079                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         7554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3559417539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3559417539                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      8006959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8006959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3567424498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3567424498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3567424498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3567424498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 471758.454473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 471758.454473                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 889662.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889662.111111                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 472256.353985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472256.353985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 472256.353985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 472256.353985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              550.630381                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              921320523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1660036.978378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.457406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.172975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.039195                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882420                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1175491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1175491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1175491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1175491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1175491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1175491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48529505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     48529505                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48529505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     48529505                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     48529505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     48529505                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1175529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1175529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1175529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1175529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1175529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1175529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1277092.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1277092.236842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1277092.236842                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43846752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     43846752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43846752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     43846752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     43846752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     43846752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1565955.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565955.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1565955.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 5290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              205427261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 5546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             37040.616841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   193.934156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    62.065844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.757555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.242445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1747426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1747426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       320509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320509                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2067935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        2067935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      2067935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       2067935                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18573                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18599                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18599                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8424633413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8424633413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      2235125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2235125                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8426868538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8426868538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   8426868538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8426868538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1765999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1765999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       320535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320535                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          756                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          750                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2086534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2086534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      2086534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2086534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453595.725677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 453595.725677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85966.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85966.346154                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453081.807517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 453081.807517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453081.807517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 453081.807517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             631                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        13309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13309                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1753649032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1753649032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       391440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       391440                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1754040472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1754040472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1754040472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1754040472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002992                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331879.074943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331879.074943                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        65240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65240                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331576.648771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331576.648771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 331576.648771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 331576.648771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              487.900696                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1004354194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2033105.655870                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    32.900696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.052725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.781892                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254754                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1254754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1254754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1254754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140790059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140790059                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140790059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140790059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    140790059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140790059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1254811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254811                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2470001.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2470001.035088                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2470001.035088                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       576998                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91253863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     91253863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91253863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     91253863                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91253863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     91253863                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339842.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339842.641026                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2339842.641026                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 3848                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              148979217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 4104                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             36300.978801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   219.760829                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    36.239171                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.858441                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.141559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       998289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        998289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       741064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1739353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        1739353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1739353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       1739353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9777                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         9847                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         9847                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2269500805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2269500805                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5701373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5701373                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2275202178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2275202178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2275202178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2275202178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1008066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       741134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741134                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1980                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1749200                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1749200                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 232126.501483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 232126.501483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 81448.185714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81448.185714                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231055.364883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 231055.364883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 231055.364883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 231055.364883                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             923                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5944                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3848                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    966122474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    966122474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1062281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1062281                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    967184755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    967184755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    967184755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    967184755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 252053.867467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252053.867467                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 70818.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70818.733333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 251347.389553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251347.389553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 251347.389553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251347.389553                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              552.267067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              921321505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1651113.808244                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    26.094144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   526.172923                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.041818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.843226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.885043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1176473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1176473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1176473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1176473                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63437360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     63437360                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63437360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     63437360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     63437360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     63437360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1176518                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1176518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1176518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1176518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1409719.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409719.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1409719.111111                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50420248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50420248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50420248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50420248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     50420248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50420248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1626459.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626459.612903                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1626459.612903                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 5289                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              205428702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 5545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             37047.556718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   193.671424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    62.328576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.756529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.243471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1748861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1748861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       320511                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2069372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        2069372                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      2069372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       2069372                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18602                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           26                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total        18628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        18628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total        18628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8394035512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   8394035512                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      2223088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2223088                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8396258600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8396258600                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8396258600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8396258600                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1767463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1767463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       320537                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          759                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          751                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2088000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2088000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      2088000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2088000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000081                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008921                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008921                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 451243.710999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451243.710999                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 85503.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85503.384615                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450733.229547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 450733.229547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 450733.229547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 450733.229547                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             628                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13319                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        13339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5283                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5289                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1737490777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737490777                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1737875377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737875377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1737875377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1737875377                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002989                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328883.357373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328883.357373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328582.979202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328582.979202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 328582.979202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328582.979202                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              487.182032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1004353510                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2033104.271255                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    32.182032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.051574                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1254070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1254070                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1254070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1254070                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1254070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1254070                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    158356900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158356900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    158356900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158356900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    158356900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158356900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1254127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1254127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1254127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1254127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1254127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1254127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2778191.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2778191.228070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2778191.228070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1272230                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 318057.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104023431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    104023431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104023431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    104023431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    104023431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    104023431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2667267.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2667267.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2667267.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 3855                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              148980191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 4111                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             36239.404281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   219.729780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    36.270220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.858319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.141681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       999087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        999087                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       741283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       741283                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1740370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1740370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1740370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1740370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         9852                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         9852                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2264394080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2264394080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5792103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5792103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2270186183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2270186183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2270186183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2270186183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1008872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1008872                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       741350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       741350                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1937                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1803                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1750222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1750222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1750222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1750222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 231414.826776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 231414.826776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 86449.298507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86449.298507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 230428.967012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 230428.967012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 230428.967012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 230428.967012                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5947                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3855                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    968070185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    968070185                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1180293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1180293                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969250478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    969250478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    969250478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    969250478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002203                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 252232.982022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 252232.982022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        69429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69429                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 251426.842542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251426.842542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 251426.842542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251426.842542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              506.732038                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1001232092                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  514                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1947922.357977                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    31.732038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.050853                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.812071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1223996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1223996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1223996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1223996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1223996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77724478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     77724478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77724478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     77724478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     77724478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     77724478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1224046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1224046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1224046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1554489.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554489.560000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554489.560000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62338945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62338945                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62338945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62338945                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     62338945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62338945                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1598434.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598434.487179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598434.487179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152644962                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             35400.037570                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   221.154853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    34.845147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.863886                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.136114                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       840492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840492                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       706538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       706538                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1547030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1547030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1547030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1547030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12888                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        12972                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        12972                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4408489537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4408489537                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      6636620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6636620                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4415126157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4415126157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4415126157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4415126157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       853380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853380                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       706622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       706622                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1840                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1560002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1560002                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1560002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1560002                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 342061.571772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 342061.571772                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79007.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79007.380952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 340358.168131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1197911743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197911743                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       971652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1198883395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1198883395                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1198883395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1198883395                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002600                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 296439.431576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296439.431576                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64776.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64776.800000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295582.691075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              487.186559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1004355430                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2033108.157895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    32.186559                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.051581                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1255990                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1255990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1255990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1255990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    160356306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    160356306                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    160356306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    160356306                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    160356306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    160356306                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1256046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1256046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1256046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1256046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1256046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1256046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2863505.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2863505.464286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2863505.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2863505.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2863505.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2863505.464286                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       622856                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 207618.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106019390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106019390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106019390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106019390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    106019390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106019390                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2718445.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2718445.897436                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2718445.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2718445.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2718445.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2718445.897436                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3857                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148982881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4113                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36222.436421                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   219.722925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    36.277075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.858293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.141707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1000633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1000633                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       742423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       742423                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1743056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1743056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1743056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1743056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9860                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9860                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2237793894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2237793894                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5790436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5790436                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2243584330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2243584330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   2243584330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2243584330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1010426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1010426                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       742490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       742490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1939                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1805                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1752916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1752916                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1752916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1752916                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005625                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228509.536812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228509.536812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 86424.417910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86424.417910                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227544.049696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227544.049696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227544.049696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227544.049696                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             926                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         6003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         6003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         6003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3857                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    951298398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    951298398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1180158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1180158                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    952478556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    952478556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    952478556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    952478556                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003800                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002200                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 247733.957813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 247733.957813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 69421.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69421.058824                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246948.031112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246948.031112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 246948.031112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 246948.031112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              508.417335                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1002479144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1942789.038760                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    26.417335                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.042335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.814771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1154993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1154993                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1154993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1154993                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1154993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1154993                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93979200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93979200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93979200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93979200                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     93979200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93979200                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1155043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1155043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1155043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1155043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1155043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1155043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1879584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1879584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total      1879584                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62268307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62268307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62268307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62268307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     62268307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62268307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831420.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831420.794118                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1831420.794118                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 5384                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              158490657                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 5640                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             28101.180319                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   226.511382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    29.488618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.884810                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.115190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       813556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        813556                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       685874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       685874                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1499430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1499430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1499430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1499430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18352                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          628                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total        18980                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        18980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total        18980                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7828202742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7828202742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    373453975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    373453975                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8201656717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   8201656717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8201656717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   8201656717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       831908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       831908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       686502                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1610                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1577                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1518410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1518410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1518410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1518410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.022060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000915                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 426558.562663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 426558.562663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 594671.934713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 594671.934713                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 432121.007218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 432121.007218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 432121.007218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 432121.007218                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      4719471                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 471947.100000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            1914                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        12986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13596                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5384                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1837688177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1837688177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3177176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3177176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1840865353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840865353                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1840865353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1840865353                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006450                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 342468.911107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342468.911107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 176509.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 176509.777778                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341914.070022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341914.070022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 341914.070022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341914.070022                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              571.829612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1032066528                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1785582.228374                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    30.698936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   541.130676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.049197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.867197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.916394                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1109763                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1109763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1109763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1109763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     93144674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93144674                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1109813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1109813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1862893.480000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1212634                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 404211.333333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     69060627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69060627                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1973160.771429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              406620477                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             51904.579653                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   110.967299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   145.032701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.433466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.566534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      2895455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       2895455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1584989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1584989                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4480444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        4480444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      4480444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       4480444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        27530                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        27560                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        27560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        27560                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13223145143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13223145143                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     28129302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28129302                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13251274445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  13251274445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13251274445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  13251274445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      2922985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2922985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1585019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1585019                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          781                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          776                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4508004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4508004                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      4508004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4508004                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006114                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480317.658663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 480317.658663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 937643.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 937643.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480815.473331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 480815.473331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 480815.473331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 480815.473331                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            1315                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        19961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        19982                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        19982                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7578                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3508616653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3508616653                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7982556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7982556                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3516599209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516599209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3516599209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3516599209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001681                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463550.885586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 463550.885586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 886950.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 886950.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464053.735682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464053.735682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 464053.735682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 464053.735682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              506.576515                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1001232601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  513                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1951720.469786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    31.576515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.050603                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.811821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1224505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1224505                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1224505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1224505                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1224505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1224505                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82016847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82016847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82016847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82016847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     82016847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82016847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1224554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1224554                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1224554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1224554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1224554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1224554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1673813.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1673813.204082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1673813.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1673813.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1673813.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1673813.204082                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64530372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64530372                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64530372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64530372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     64530372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64530372                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1698167.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698167.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1698167.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698167.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1698167.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1698167.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4056                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152645771                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4312                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             35400.225186                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   221.158383                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    34.841617                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.863900                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.136100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       840799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        840799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       707038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       707038                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1547837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1547837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1547837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1547837                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        12902                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           84                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        12986                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        12986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        12986                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4381070213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   4381070213                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      6751913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6751913                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4387822126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   4387822126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   4387822126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   4387822126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       853701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       853701                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       707122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       707122                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1842                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1699                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1560823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1560823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1560823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1560823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015113                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 339565.200202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339565.200202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 80379.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80379.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337888.659017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337888.659017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 337888.659017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337888.659017                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             911                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         8861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         8930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         8930                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4041                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4056                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1196735181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1196735181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       971783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       971783                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1197706964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197706964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1197706964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1197706964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004734                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 296148.275427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 296148.275427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64785.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64785.533333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 295292.643984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295292.643984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 295292.643984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295292.643984                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              522.099566                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1006903394                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  528                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1907014.003788                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    32.099566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.051442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.836698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1128069                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1128069                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1128069                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123645116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    123645116                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123645116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    123645116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    123645116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    123645116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1128127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2131812.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2131812.344828                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2131812.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2131812.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2131812.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2131812.344828                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79841332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79841332                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79841332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79841332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     79841332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79841332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2101087.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101087.684211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2101087.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101087.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2101087.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101087.684211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 6652                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167290914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 6908                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             24216.982339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   226.785629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    29.214371                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.885881                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.114119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        780361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       644964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1425325                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1425325                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        17437                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           92                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        17529                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        17529                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7601481176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7601481176                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89397182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     89397182                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690878358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   7690878358                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   7690878358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   7690878358                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       797798                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       645056                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1507                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1442854                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021856                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 435939.735964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435939.735964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 971708.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 971708.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438751.689087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 438751.689087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 438751.689087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 438751.689087                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             753                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        10800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        10877                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6652                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3009726434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3009726434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10181752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10181752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019908186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019908186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3019908186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3019908186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453476.937472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453476.937472                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 678783.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 678783.466667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453984.994889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453984.994889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 453984.994889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453984.994889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
