
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.010632                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 10631626002                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               537733688910                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 427047                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   540784                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 281525                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 37764.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16127147482                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   20422374472                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data       252672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data       251648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data       139904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data       179072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data       243968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data       254720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data       373504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data       407424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data       142592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data       372352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data       177408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data       141312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data       142720                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data       372480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data       174976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data       238336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total              3935744                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           70656                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      1363328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           1363328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data         1974                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         1990                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data         1862                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                 30748                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           10651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                10651                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst       409345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     23766073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst       349147                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23669757                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst       421384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     13159229                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst       457503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     16843331                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst       397305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     22947384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23958706                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst       421384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     35131409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst       421384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     38321890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst       385266                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13412059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst       421384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     35023053                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457503                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16686817                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409345                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13291664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst       397305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13424099                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     35035092                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst       445463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     16458066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst       421384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22417643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               370192104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst       409345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst       349147                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst       421384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst       457503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst       397305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst       409345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst       421384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst       421384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst       385266                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst       421384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst       457503                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst       409345                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst       397305                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst       421384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst       445463                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst       421384                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total            6645832                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         128233254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              128233254                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         128233254                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst       409345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     23766073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst       349147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23669757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst       421384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     13159229                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst       457503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     16843331                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst       397305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     22947384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst       409345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23958706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst       421384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     35131409                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst       421384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     38321890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst       385266                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13412059                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst       421384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     35023053                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst       457503                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16686817                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst       409345                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13291664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst       397305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13424099                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst       421384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     35035092                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst       445463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     16458066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst       421384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22417643                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              498425358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups        2071603                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1699846                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205183                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857693                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809669                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         211857                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9057                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19812548                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts             11777678                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches           2071603                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      1021526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles             2591165                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles        582665                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       645867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines         1222043                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203695                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples     23423778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0       20832613     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         279745      1.19%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2         326387      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         177800      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4         207585      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5         112964      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          76612      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         199566      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        1210506      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total     23423778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.081254                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461951                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles       19650473                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       811396                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles         2570151                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        19709                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles       372043                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved       334888                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred         2155                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts     14374852                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        11388                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles       372043                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles       19681660                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        261205                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       463753                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles         2559911                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        85200                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts     14365187                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        21159                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents        40531                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents            1                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands     19965251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups     66896004                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups     66896004                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps     17025516                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps        2939723                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts         3763                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts          232933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads      1374190                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores       747004                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19566                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       165171                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded         14340463                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3767                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued        13541284                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1805024                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4197152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          425                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23423778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578100                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17714564     75.63%     75.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298499      9.81%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234269      5.27%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854550      3.65%     94.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       744634      3.18%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       380650      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        92231      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59623      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44758      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23423778                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3448     11.79%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12538     42.89%     54.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13247     45.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11333869     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211797      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1253169      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       740791      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total     13541284                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.531124                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29233                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002159                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50553460                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16149388                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13314916                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses     13570517                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        33439                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       245450                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          136                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16460                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles       372043                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        212446                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14049                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14344251                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6323                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1374190                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747004                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2098                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10192                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          136                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115162                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts       234002                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13339396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176702                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       201886                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs            1917226                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches        1866186                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores           740524                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.523206                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent             13315212                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count            13314916                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers         7919692                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers        20739443                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.522246                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps     12268683                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2075733                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       206229                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23051735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18038962     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2324664     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974980      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583952      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405811      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261662      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136740      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109503      0.48%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215461      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23051735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts     10000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps     12268683                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs              1859284                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads             1128740                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches          1755764                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts        11060836                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls       249611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events       215461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads           37180625                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes          29060895                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                305927                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               2071729                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts          10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps            12268683                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total     10000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.549551                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.549551                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.392226                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.392226                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads       60183608                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes      18481799                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads      13417373                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles               25495505                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups        1929743                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1728129                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       154220                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      1291629                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        1274564                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS         112230                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4642                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20493264                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts             10978157                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches           1929743                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      1386794                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles             2446798                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles        509318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       303837                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines         1240000                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       151071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples     23598162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.519535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.758488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0       21151364     89.63%     89.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         378597      1.60%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2         184436      0.78%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         373455      1.58%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4         114054      0.48%     94.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5         347253      1.47%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          52938      0.22%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          86394      0.37%     96.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         909671      3.85%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total     23598162                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075690                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430592                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles       20228267                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       573829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles         2441773                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1987                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles       352305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved       177429                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred         1958                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts     12237878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         4626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles       352305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles       20258288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        348130                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       135836                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles         2414161                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        89436                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts     12219117                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         9476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents        72600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands     15967029                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups     55313333                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups     55313333                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps     12909820                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps        3057189                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts         1594                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          812                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts          189010                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads      2244223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       347680                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3154                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        79289                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded         12155380                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1598                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued        11369223                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7436                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      2222556                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4571846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23598162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481784                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.092391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18608729     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1555782      6.59%     85.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1689528      7.16%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       976409      4.14%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       493208      2.09%     98.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       123963      0.53%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       144194      0.61%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3445      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2904      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23598162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         18627     57.32%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead         7649     23.54%     80.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         6220     19.14%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8889639     78.19%     78.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86358      0.76%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          784      0.01%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      2048048     18.01%     96.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       344394      3.03%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total     11369223                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.445930                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32496                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002858                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     46376540                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     14379574                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     11078601                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses     11401719                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         8787                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       460060                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           42                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles       352305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        228238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        10805                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     12156987                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          500                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      2244223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       347680                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          809                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         4018                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          248                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           42                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       103863                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        59579                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts       163442                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts     11227789                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      2019547                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       141434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs            2363907                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches        1709461                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           344360                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.440383                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent             11081367                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count            11078601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers         6713583                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers        14466273                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.434532                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.464085                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      8840692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      9917086                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2240381                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1579                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts       153067                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23245857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426617                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.299110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19574017     84.20%     84.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1428396      6.14%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       932273      4.01%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       289796      1.25%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       491306      2.11%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        93124      0.40%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        59067      0.25%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        53514      0.23%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       324364      1.40%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23245857                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      8840692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      9917086                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs              2122497                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads             1784158                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               788                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches          1525078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         8655448                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls       120472                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events       324364                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads           35078934                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes          24667506                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                459180                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles               1897343                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           8840692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             9917086                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      8840692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.883881                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.883881                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.346755                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.346755                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads       52251765                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes      14396752                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads      13060083                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes         1578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups        2311421                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1924431                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211572                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881887                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843908                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248196                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9774                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20104807                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts             12678825                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches           2311421                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      1092104                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles             2642076                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles        590513                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       661044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines         1249976                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202193                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples     23784940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655271                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030994                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0       21142864     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1         161817      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2         203532      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3         325039      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4         136144      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5         175388      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         203722      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          93729      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        1342705      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total     23784940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.090660                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.497296                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles       19985832                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       791653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles         2629434                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles       376730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved       351660                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts     15499428                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1634                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles       376730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles       20006788                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         64659                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       669887                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles         2609711                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        57158                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts     15403110                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           30                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         8201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents        39649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands     21509368                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups     71624131                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups     71624131                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps     17968051                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps        3541317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts         3715                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1933                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts          201180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445339                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       754047                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8393                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       169339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded         15037132                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3729                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued        14413957                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15270                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1846102                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3777989                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23784940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327069                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17679081     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2783742     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1138349      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638896      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864138      3.63%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267115      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       261908      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140434      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11277      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23784940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99645     78.93%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13710     10.86%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12885     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12142010     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196894      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1321838      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751433      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total     14413957                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.565353                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126240                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008758                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52754364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16887050                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14037258                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses     14540197                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10503                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           88                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11803                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles       376730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         49291                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6361                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15040867                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11332                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445339                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754047                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5566                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           88                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124612                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119417                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts       244029                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14162808                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300099                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs            2051412                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches        2002243                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           751313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.555502                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent             14037357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count            14037258                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers         8408565                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers        22587307                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.550578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372269                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10453633                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps     12881310                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159607                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts       213159                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23408210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370622                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17955626     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2763813     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003638      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498928      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457328      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191996      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190277      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90349      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256255      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23408210                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     10453633                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps     12881310                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs              1910176                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads             1167932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches          1867141                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        11597337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls       265998                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events       256255                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads           38192794                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes          30458577                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                306983                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles               1710567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          10453633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps            12881310                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     10453633                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.438914                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.438914                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.410019                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.410019                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads       63723552                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes      19613317                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads      14331772                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups        2106247                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1723292                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207165                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       865771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826783                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217260                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9417                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20262822                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts             11778471                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches           2106247                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      1044043                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles             2457716                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles        566737                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       455933                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines         1241189                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207237                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples     23533358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957634                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0       21075642     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1         114775      0.49%     90.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2         181765      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3         246257      1.05%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4         252828      1.07%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5         214598      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         120273      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7         177586      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8        1149634      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total     23533358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082612                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461982                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles       20057500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       663258                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles         2453184                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles         2793                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles       356621                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved       346535                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          266                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts     14450093                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1547                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles       356621                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles       20113170                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        134879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       402189                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles         2401051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       125446                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts     14443979                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents        17055                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents        54701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands     20155157                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups     67190479                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups     67190479                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps     17444362                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps        2710789                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts         3571                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1855                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts          378062                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352621                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       731839                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8642                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores       228905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded         14424985                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3584                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued        13689892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1977                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1610673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3862238                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23533358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.270022                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17699954     75.21%     75.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2430887     10.33%     85.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1222987      5.20%     90.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       893615      3.80%     94.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       707316      3.01%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288812      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182209      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95016      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12562      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23533358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2766     12.21%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8403     37.09%     49.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11486     50.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11513217     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204344      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241146      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729470      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total     13689892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22655                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001655                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50937774                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16039304                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13482266                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses     13712547                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        28472                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       219027                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           64                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10678                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles       356621                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        106590                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12151                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14428597                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5931                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352621                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731839                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1856                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10270                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           64                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119200                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117087                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts       236287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13499579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1167836                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       190313                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                  28                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs            1897254                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches        1917921                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           729418                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.529489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent             13482391                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count            13482266                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers         7740312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers        20857144                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.528809                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371111                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10169525                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps     12513995                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1914614                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3460                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts       209542                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23176737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539938                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.382700                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18008201     77.70%     77.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2579239     11.13%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       957728      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457924      1.98%     94.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406739      1.75%     96.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222469      0.96%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       180745      0.78%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        87779      0.38%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       275913      1.19%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23176737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     10169525                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps     12513995                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs              1854751                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads             1133590                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches          1804712                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts        11274889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls       257749                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events       275913                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads           37329355                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes          29213860                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                308852                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles               1962149                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          10169525                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps            12513995                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     10169525                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.507050                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.507050                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.398875                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.398875                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads       60758550                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes      18779950                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads      13396534                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes         3456                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups        2075295                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1702681                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205150                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857725                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811157                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212217                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9081                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19819706                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts             11794970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches           2075295                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      1023374                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles             2594741                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles        582879                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       634881                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines         1222421                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203522                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples     23423775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966736                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0       20829034     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1         280173      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2         326033      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3         178280      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4         208590      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5         112848      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          76666      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7         200004      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8        1212147      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total     23423775                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.081398                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.462629                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles       19657546                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       800501                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles         2573637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        19795                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles       372290                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved       335689                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred         2158                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts     14395705                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        11305                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles       372290                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles       19688551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        272236                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       441030                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles         2563699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        85963                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts     14385434                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents           20                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        22600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents        40206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands     19989554                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups     66986137                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups     66986137                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps     17041498                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps        2948031                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts         3758                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2091                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts          230668                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads      1376848                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores       748443                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19856                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores       164602                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded         14361253                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3762                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued        13559745                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18351                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1814640                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4212768                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          416                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23423775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578888                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17707056     75.59%     75.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302410      9.83%     85.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234863      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853961      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       747260      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381988      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91596      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59958      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44683      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23423775                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3403     11.56%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.56% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12750     43.32%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13282     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11348216     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212151      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1660      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1255630      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       742088      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total     13559745                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.531848                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29435                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002171                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50591047                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16179796                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13332216                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses     13589180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34357                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247039                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          145                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17204                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles       372290                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        223037                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14365038                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6356                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1376848                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748443                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2091                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10219                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          145                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118505                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115685                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts       234190                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13357499                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1179010                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202242                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                  23                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs            1920843                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches        1868785                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores           741833                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.523916                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent             13332480                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count            13332216                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         7928546                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers        20762940                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381860                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10009412                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps     12280204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2085081                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3346                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts       206185                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23051485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532729                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351444                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18034176     78.23%     78.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2326942     10.09%     88.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975496      4.23%     92.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       584634      2.54%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406393      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261664      1.14%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136836      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109292      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216052      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23051485                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     10009412                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps     12280204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs              1861045                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads             1129806                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars              1670                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches          1757411                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts        11071232                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls       249845                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events       216052                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads           37200653                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes          29102897                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                305977                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles               2071732                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          10009412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps            12280204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     10009412                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.547153                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.547153                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.392595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.392595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads       60261907                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes      18504019                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads      13437227                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes         3342                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups        2073502                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701346                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       856913                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         809985                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212149                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9141                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19805791                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts             11789296                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches           2073502                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      1022134                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles             2593075                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles        584997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       641725                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines         1222276                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes       203945                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples     23416737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0       20823662     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         279872      1.20%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2         325291      1.39%     91.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         178165      0.76%     92.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4         208016      0.89%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5         112616      0.48%     93.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          77418      0.33%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7         200358      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8        1211339      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total     23416737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.462407                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles       19644152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       806900                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles         2571906                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        19788                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles       373985                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved       335281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred         2162                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts     14390496                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        11340                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles       373985                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles       19675398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        261735                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       458130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles         2561671                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        85812                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts     14380416                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        21963                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents        40359                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands     19981253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups     66963427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups     66963427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps     17019131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps        2962090                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts         3750                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2090                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts          232808                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads      1376795                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       747654                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19895                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       165148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded         14355022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3760                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued        13549293                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18614                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1823862                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4236463                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          418                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23416737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268182                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17705778     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2298959      9.82%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1233828      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853631      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746351      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       381947      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91660      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59978      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44605      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23416737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3396     11.47%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12893     43.56%     55.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13309     44.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11339834     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       211752      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1658      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1254497      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741552      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total     13549293                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.531438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29598                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002184                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50563534                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16182782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13320778                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses     13578891                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248467                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          107                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          141                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        17358                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          828                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles       373985                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        212068                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14269                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14358801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6397                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1376795                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       747654                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2091                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10189                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          141                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115751                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts       234521                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13346619                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177507                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  19                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs            1918790                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches        1866525                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           741283                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.523489                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent             13321054                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count            13320778                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers         7922312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers        20749932                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.522476                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381799                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9996333                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps     12264153                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2094841                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts       206603                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23042752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532235                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.350960                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18032206     78.26%     78.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2323368     10.08%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       974945      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583575      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       405682      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261405      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       136455      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109241      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       215875      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23042752                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      9996333                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps     12264153                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs              1858624                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads             1128328                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches          1755112                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts        11056771                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls       249523                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events       215875                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads           37185806                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes          29092007                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                306435                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles               2078770                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           9996333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps            12264153                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      9996333                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.550486                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.550486                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.392082                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.392082                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads       60210502                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes      18488160                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads      13429282                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles               25495501                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups        2071529                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203796                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       853713                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814700                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212397                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20081736                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts             11755190                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches           2071529                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      1027097                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles             2462418                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles        592991                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       356252                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines         1236562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205186                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples     23285169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616847                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0       20822751     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1         134096      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2         210769      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3         334553      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4         139088      0.60%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5         154225      0.66%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         166367      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         108148      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        1215172      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total     23285169                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081251                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.461069                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles       19897683                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       542126                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles         2454473                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         6395                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles       384491                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved       339277                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          273                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts     14352024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles       384491                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles       19929235                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles        171843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       281214                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles         2429914                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        88459                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts     14342355                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents         2442                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        24471                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents        33562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4012                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands     19909552                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups     66714342                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups     66714342                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps     16966971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps        2942581                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts         3600                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1959                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts          268309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads      1367638                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       735013                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22024                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       166497                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded         14319595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3610                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued        13539234                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17331                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1839005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4111632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          300                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23285169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273669                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17578757     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2289421      9.83%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1251063      5.37%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       855605      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798635      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       229048      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179700      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60628      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42312      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23285169                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3264     12.60%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10218     39.43%     52.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12431     47.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11341147     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214324      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1641      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251711      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730411      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total     13539234                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.531044                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25913                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50406881                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16162363                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses     13565147                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        39972                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247753                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           37                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          157                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22916                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          879                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles       384491                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles        118857                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11846                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14323231                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6446                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1367638                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       735013                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1957                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8638                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          157                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118224                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117090                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts       235314                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13344800                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177094                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       194434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs            1907113                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches        1876744                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           730019                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523418                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent             13318868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count            13318632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         7788329                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers        20346600                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522391                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382783                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9966650                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     12216463                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2106799                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3310                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts       207845                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22900678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533454                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386788                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17939977     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2402485     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935754      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504848      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376152      1.64%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210451      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130437      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       116151      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284423      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22900678                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      9966650                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     12216463                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs              1831982                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             1119885                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              1652                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches          1753518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        11008046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls       248201                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events       284423                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads           36939452                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes          29031044                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                325539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               2210332                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           9966650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            12216463                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      9966650                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.558081                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.558081                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.390918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.390918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads       60176580                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes      18464086                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads      13385930                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes         3306                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  3                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups        1987269                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1792719                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       106384                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       744627                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         707312                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS         109502                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         4653                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles     21053836                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts             12507532                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches           1987269                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       816814                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles             2471081                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles        334052                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       475754                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines         1210432                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes       106766                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples     24225735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.605837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934981                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0       21754654     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          87451      0.36%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2         180223      0.74%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          75037      0.31%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4         409370      1.69%     92.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5         365065      1.51%     94.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          70701      0.29%     94.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7         149054      0.62%     95.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8        1134180      4.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total     24225735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.077946                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.490578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles       20935508                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       595698                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles         2461947                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         7759                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles       224818                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved       174701                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          246                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts     14667289                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1503                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles       224818                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles       20957987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        417977                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       109358                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles         2448591                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        66997                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts     14658600                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        27476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents        24800                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          446                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands     17222271                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups     69040121                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups     69040121                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps     15243379                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps        1978881                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts         1712                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          871                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts          173111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads      3455683                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      1746738                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        16047                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        85354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded         14627576                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1719                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued        14055041                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         7538                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1145152                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      2754590                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     24225735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.580170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.377776                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19235537     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1490556      6.15%     85.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227894      5.07%     90.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       530298      2.19%     92.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       673014      2.78%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       650552      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       370546      1.53%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        28993      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        18345      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     24225735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35590     11.09%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       277381     86.41%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         8031      2.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      8820953     62.76%     62.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       122865      0.87%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          841      0.01%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      3367867     23.96%     87.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1742515     12.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total     14055041                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.551275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            321002                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022839                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52664357                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     15774809                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13932622                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses     14376043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        25668                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       136732                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           58                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          364                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1248                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles       224818                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        381356                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        18144                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14629310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          150                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3455683                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1746738                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          871                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        12364                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          364                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        61061                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        63396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts       124457                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13954998                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      3356201                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       100043                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  15                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs            5098530                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches        1827556                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          1742329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.547351                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent             13933176                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count            13932622                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         7527318                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers        14837278                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.546474                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.507325                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     11312382                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps     13293665                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1336947                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         1699                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts       108481                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     24000917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     19182604     79.92%     79.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1756979      7.32%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       824945      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       815208      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       221711      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       949168      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        71129      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        51670      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       127503      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     24000917                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     11312382                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps     13293665                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs              5054294                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads             3318951                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               848                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches          1755152                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts        11821575                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls       128736                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events       127503                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads           38503987                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes          29486076                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                463206                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles               1269772                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          11312382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps            13293665                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     11312382                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.253770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.253770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.443701                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.443701                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads       68979707                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes      16188888                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads      17455665                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes         1696                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups        2310675                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1923398                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211745                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       879270                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         843417                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9812                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20101066                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts             12672372                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches           2310675                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      1091960                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles             2641268                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles        590507                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       661085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines         1249848                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202490                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples     23780243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655090                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.030764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0       21138975     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         162036      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2         203793      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         325774      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4         135294      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5         174531      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         203702      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          93891      0.39%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        1342247      5.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total     23780243                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.090631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.497043                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles       19982861                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       790793                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles         2628792                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         1260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles       376535                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved       351936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          289                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts     15492801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1661                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles       376535                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles       20003373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         64658                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       669631                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles         2609515                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles        56524                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts     15398078                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         8069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents        39277                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands     21503568                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups     71600682                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups     71600682                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps     17966103                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps        3537456                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts         3735                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1954                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts          199018                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445048                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       754015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8367                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       169106                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded         15035651                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3751                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued        14414063                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15809                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1844302                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3775001                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          154                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23780243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606136                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327266                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17675324     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2782443     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139118      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       637743      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864637      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267044      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262310      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140465      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11159      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23780243                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        100070     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13666     10.79%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12899     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12141246     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       196857      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1781      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1322796      9.18%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751383      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total     14414063                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.565357                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126635                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52750812                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16883791                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14036986                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses     14540698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10612                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           89                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11889                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles       376535                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         49271                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6308                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15039408                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445048                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1954                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5504                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           89                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124561                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119420                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts       243981                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14163056                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300341                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251006                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs            2051623                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches        2002572                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           751282                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.555512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent             14037084                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count            14036986                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         8407067                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers        22584979                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.550567                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372242                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10452446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps     12879805                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2159645                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3597                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts       213334                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23403708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550332                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17952841     76.71%     76.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2762656     11.80%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003293      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       498712      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457075      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192098      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190027      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90573      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256433      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23403708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     10452446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps     12879805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs              1909902                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads             1167776                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches          1866907                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        11595972                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls       265957                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events       256433                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads           38186647                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes          30455459                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                307014                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles               1715264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          10452446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps            12879805                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     10452446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.439191                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.439191                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.409972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.409972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads       63722381                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes      19613534                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads      14325021                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes         3594                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups        2071696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1694359                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       203942                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       852574                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814176                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212868                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9221                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20081488                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts             11757345                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches           2071696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      1027044                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles             2462585                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles        594324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       355902                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines         1236843                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205350                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples     23285914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616934                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.969130                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0       20823329     89.42%     89.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         134009      0.58%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2         210573      0.90%     90.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         335064      1.44%     92.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4         138466      0.59%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5         154999      0.67%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         165813      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         107504      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8        1216157      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total     23285914                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081257                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.461154                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles       19896667                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       542518                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles         2454642                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         6421                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles       385665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved       339405                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          277                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts     14354501                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1636                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles       385665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles       19928571                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        173276                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles       278849                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles         2429753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        89787                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts     14344843                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2230                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        24652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents        33830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4651                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands     19912789                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups     66725974                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups     66725974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps     16957442                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps        2955346                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts         3644                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2004                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts          270204                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads      1368235                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores       734635                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22172                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       167049                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded         14322833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3652                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued        13540403                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17259                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1848309                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4123863                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          345                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23285914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17580046     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2288267      9.83%     85.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1251704      5.38%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854415      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       800115      3.44%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228609      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179700      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60686      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42372      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23285914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3216     12.51%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10060     39.13%     51.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12434     48.36%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11342231     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       214428      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251990      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       730114      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total     13540403                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.531090                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25710                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50409689                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16174951                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13318675                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses     13566113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        40873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248965                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          161                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22940                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          875                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles       385665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        119519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        11975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14326503                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1368235                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       734635                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2000                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents         8793                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          161                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118015                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117247                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts       235262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13344979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1177141                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195424                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  18                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs            1906895                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches        1876490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores           729754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.523425                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent             13318884                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count            13318675                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers         7788574                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers        20346695                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.522393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.382793                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9960990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps     12209652                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2116884                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3307                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       207998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22900249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17941002     78.34%     78.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2402373     10.49%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935739      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       504207      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376239      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210172      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130510      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115752      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284255      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22900249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      9960990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps     12209652                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs              1830965                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads             1119270                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches          1752590                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts        11001908                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls       248083                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events       284255                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads           36942465                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes          29038769                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                325994                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles               2209593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           9960990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps            12209652                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      9960990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.559535                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.559535                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.390696                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.390696                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads       60178388                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes      18462876                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads      13387831                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes         3304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups        2105536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207516                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       863657                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         826610                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS         216917                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9440                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20264724                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts             11774911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches           2105536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      1043527                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles             2456805                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles        568221                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       458307                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines         1241551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207564                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples     23537852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.957362                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0       21081047     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1         114519      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2         182165      0.77%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3         245824      1.04%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4         253124      1.08%     92.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5         214257      0.91%     93.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         119207      0.51%     94.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         177639      0.75%     95.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        1150070      4.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total     23537852                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082585                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles       20060021                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       665047                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles         2452276                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         2755                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles       357751                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved       346186                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts     14446250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1544                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles       357751                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles       20115676                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        135266                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       403946                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles         2400127                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       125084                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts     14440040                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           24                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        16749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents        54661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands     20150202                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups     67172011                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups     67172011                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps     17430928                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps        2719272                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts         3583                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1863                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts          378074                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads      1352745                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       731537                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8580                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       246932                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded         14420833                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued        13683302                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1980                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1616468                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3877490                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          136                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23537852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581332                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17691571     75.16%     75.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2448683     10.40%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1227920      5.22%     90.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       888070      3.77%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       703311      2.99%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       288245      1.22%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       182781      0.78%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        94754      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12517      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23537852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2842     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8415     37.02%     49.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11477     50.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11507559     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       204132      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1714      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1240800      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729097      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total     13683302                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22734                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001661                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50929170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16040964                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13474063                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses     13706036                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220032                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           68                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10930                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles       357751                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        107213                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14424461                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5897                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1352745                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731537                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1869                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           68                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117299                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts       237199                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13491335                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166705                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  31                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs            1895736                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches        1916816                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           729031                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529165                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent             13474193                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count            13474063                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers         7735621                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers        20845560                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528488                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10161742                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     12504340                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1920136                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts       209895                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23180101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.379956                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18002868     77.67%     77.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2589730     11.17%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       956244      4.13%     92.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       456930      1.97%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       413644      1.78%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       222595      0.96%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       176411      0.76%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88117      0.38%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       273562      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23180101                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     10161742                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     12504340                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs              1853320                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads             1132713                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches          1803307                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        11266201                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls       257546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events       273562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads           37330937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes          29206720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                309036                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1957655                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          10161742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            12504340                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     10161742                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.508970                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.508970                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.398570                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.398570                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads       60719620                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes      18770006                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads      13391707                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups        2312525                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925192                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211446                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       881277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         844052                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248306                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9832                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20109255                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts             12682768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches           2312525                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      1092358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles             2643355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles        589932                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       659449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines         1250075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202132                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples     23788606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0       21145251     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1         161850      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2         204808      0.86%     90.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3         325240      1.37%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4         135879      0.57%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5         174839      0.73%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         203604      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          93692      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8        1343443      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total     23788606                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.090703                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.497451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles       19990080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       790195                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles         2630807                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles         1260                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles       376262                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved       351975                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          286                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts     15504229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1657                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles       376262                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles       20010955                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         65125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       667860                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles         2611171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles        57226                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts     15408243                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           34                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         8104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents        39865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands     21519838                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups     71644827                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups     71644827                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps     17981004                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps        3538834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts         3731                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1947                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts          201889                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads      1445413                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       754362                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8534                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores       167922                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded         15044176                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3747                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued        14421832                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1843722                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3771016                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          145                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23788606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606250                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17679960     74.32%     74.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2784388     11.70%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1139958      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638228      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       864734      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       267069      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262555      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140479      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11235      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23788606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99851     78.95%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13704     10.84%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12915     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148567     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197109      1.37%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1783      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1322634      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751739      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total     14421832                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.565662                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126470                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008769                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52774094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16891735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14045632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses     14548302                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10716                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       276651                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            6                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           94                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11598                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles       376262                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         49725                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6269                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15047929                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1445413                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754362                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1947                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           94                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124427                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts       243839                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14170944                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300725                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       250888                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs            2052354                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches        2004073                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           751629                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.555821                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent             14045719                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count            14045632                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         8414098                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers        22597161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.550906                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372352                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10461150                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps     12890528                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2157460                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3602                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts       213039                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23412344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17956899     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2765293     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003375      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499508      2.13%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457382      1.95%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       192471      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190385      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90480      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256551      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23412344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     10461150                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps     12890528                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs              1911526                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads             1168762                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars              1796                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches          1868468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts        11605628                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls       266179                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events       256551                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads           38203703                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes          30472253                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                307017                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles               1706901                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          10461150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps            12890528                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     10461150                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.437161                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.437161                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.410313                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.410313                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads       63757572                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes      19627340                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads      14336700                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes         3600                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups        2313045                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1925551                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       211587                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       880660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         844035                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS         248504                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9819                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20103107                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts             12686004                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches           2313045                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      1092539                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles             2643848                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles        590854                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       664942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines         1250083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes       202205                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples     23789224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.655528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.031311                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0       21145376     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         162035      0.68%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2         203688      0.86%     90.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         325515      1.37%     91.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4         136177      0.57%     92.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5         175318      0.74%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         203896      0.86%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          93880      0.39%     94.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8        1343339      5.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total     23789224                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.090724                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.497578                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles       19984325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       795364                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles         2631172                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles         1322                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles       377039                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved       352131                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          288                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts     15508250                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1662                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles       377039                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles       20005068                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         64935                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       673155                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles         2611729                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        57291                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts     15412225                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           33                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         8243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents        39891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands     21521903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups     71665407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups     71665407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps     17973208                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps        3548695                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts         3734                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1952                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts          200887                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads      1446161                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores       754225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8542                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       170413                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded         15046066                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3750                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued        14421420                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        15355                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1850879                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3783601                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          152                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23789224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606216                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327309                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17681452     74.33%     74.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2782981     11.70%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1140252      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       638287      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       865166      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       266970      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       262384      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       140600      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        11132      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23789224                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         99977     79.03%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        13635     10.78%     89.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12886     10.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     12148671     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       197108      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1782      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1322213      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       751646      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total     14421420                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.565646                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            126498                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008772                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     52773917                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16900787                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     14044570                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses     14547918                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        10794                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       277897                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           95                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        11781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles       377039                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         49382                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         6282                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     15049821                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        11636                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1446161                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       754225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         5451                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            6                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           95                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       124349                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       119610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts       243959                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts     14170151                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1300521                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       251269                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs            2052068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches        2003637                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores           751547                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.555790                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent             14044682                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count            14044570                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         8414440                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers        22603194                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.550865                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372268                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10456592                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps     12884977                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2164896                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3598                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts       213175                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23412185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.550353                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.370688                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17958007     76.70%     76.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2764619     11.81%     88.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1003654      4.29%     92.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       499869      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       457059      1.95%     96.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       191738      0.82%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       190462      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        90471      0.39%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       256306      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23412185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     10456592                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps     12884977                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs              1910708                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads             1168264                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              1794                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches          1867681                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts        11600618                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls       266070                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events       256306                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads           38205674                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes          30476801                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                307200                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles               1706283                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          10456592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps            12884977                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     10456592                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.438223                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.438223                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.410135                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.410135                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads       63755373                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes      19623032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads      14339495                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes         3596                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups        2069565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1692585                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       204305                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       861767                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         814241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212490                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9153                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20078322                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts             11741437                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches           2069565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      1026731                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles             2460225                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles        593597                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       357964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines         1236604                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes       205676                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples     23281376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616314                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.968111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0       20821151     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1         133962      0.58%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2         210772      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3         334586      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4         138499      0.59%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5         155384      0.67%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         165060      0.71%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         107589      0.46%     94.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        1214373      5.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total     23281376                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081174                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.460530                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles       19892959                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       545113                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles         2452340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         6377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles       384586                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved       339121                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          280                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts     14337397                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1655                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles       384586                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles       19924741                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        174709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       280694                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles         2427532                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        89101                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts     14327544                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents         2107                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        24579                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents        33625                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents         4446                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands     19889538                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups     66641410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups     66641410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps     16952058                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps        2937449                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts         3640                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1997                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts          269155                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads      1367589                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores       733978                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        22106                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       166856                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded         14305377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3648                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued        13529943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17411                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1834798                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4087564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          341                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23281376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273394                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17578994     75.51%     75.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2286912      9.82%     85.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1251812      5.38%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       854119      3.67%     94.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       798442      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       228533      0.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       179542      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        60811      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        42211      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23281376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3217     12.52%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        10056     39.14%     51.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        12419     48.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11333741     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       213766      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1640      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1251355      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       729441      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total     13529943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.530680                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt             25692                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001899                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50384364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16143973                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13307841                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses     13555635                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        41047                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       248675                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           34                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          155                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        22494                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          873                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles       384586                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        120807                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12268                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14309046                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1367589                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       733978                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1996                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9098                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          155                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       118426                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       117214                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts       235640                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13334221                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1176523                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       195721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  21                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs            1905580                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches        1875373                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores           729057                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.523003                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent             13308097                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count            13307841                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers         7781469                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers        20326141                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521968                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382831                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      9957869                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     12205762                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2103314                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3307                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts       208347                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     22896790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.386424                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17940297     78.35%     78.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2400492     10.48%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       935669      4.09%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       503491      2.20%     95.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       376158      1.64%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       210019      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       130408      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       115764      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       284492      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     22896790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      9957869                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     12205762                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs              1830394                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads             1118910                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              1650                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches          1752011                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        10998398                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls       247992                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events       284492                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads           36921309                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes          29002785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                325937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles               2214131                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           9957869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            12205762                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      9957869                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.560338                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.560338                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.390573                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.390573                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads       60129867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes      18448847                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads      13370675                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes         3304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  6                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups        2104950                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1722280                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       207414                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       874716                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         828662                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS         217176                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9387                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles     20268975                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts             11766130                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches           2104950                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      1045838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles             2456991                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles        566541                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       459579                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines         1241619                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes       207475                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples     23541985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0       21084994     89.56%     89.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1         114865      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2         182471      0.78%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3         246339      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4         252619      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5         214845      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         120585      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         177970      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        1147297      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total     23541985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.082562                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.461498                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles       20064796                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       665777                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles         2452418                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2817                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles       356175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved       346239                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          265                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts     14438187                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles       356175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles       20120186                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles        134618                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       405781                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles         2400581                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       124642                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts     14431919                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           26                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        16875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents        54355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands     20137895                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups     67135944                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups     67135944                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps     17435933                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps        2701962                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts         3575                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         1859                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts          375564                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads      1353109                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores       731225                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         8608                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       281266                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded         14412370                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3589                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued        13681445                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2015                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1606295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      3845025                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          128                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23541985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266636                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17668481     75.05%     75.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2482342     10.54%     85.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1238214      5.26%     90.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       877460      3.73%     94.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       696973      2.96%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       289100      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       181638      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        95141      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        12636      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23541985                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2803     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         8404     37.04%     49.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        11482     50.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11506045     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       203862      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1715      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1241066      9.07%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       728757      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total     13681445                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.536622                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             22689                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50929579                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16022316                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13473206                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses     13704134                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        27199                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       220055                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        10386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles       356175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles        106473                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        12211                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14415985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5912                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1353109                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       731225                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1860                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        10312                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       120276                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       116381                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts       236657                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13490418                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1166837                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       191027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  26                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs            1895538                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches        1916758                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores           728701                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.529129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent             13473343                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count            13473206                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers         7735607                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers        20844680                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.528454                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371107                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10164649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     12507998                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts      1908010                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3461                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts       209791                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23185810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.539468                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.375981                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     17984553     77.57%     77.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2612202     11.27%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       953941      4.11%     92.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       457850      1.97%     94.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       427925      1.85%     96.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       223344      0.96%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       166740      0.72%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        88536      0.38%     98.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       270719      1.17%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23185810                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     10164649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     12507998                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs              1853893                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads             1133054                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              1726                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches          1803837                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        11269526                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls       257639                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events       270719                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads           37331021                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes          29188209                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                308972                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1953522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          10164649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            12507998                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     10164649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.508253                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.508253                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.398684                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.398684                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads       60718079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes      18768749                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads      13382745                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes         3458                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  5                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles               25495507                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups        2073233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted      1701032                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       205614                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       857492                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         811045                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS         212156                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         9027                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles     19831170                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts             11787448                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches           2073233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      1023201                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles             2594346                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles        583650                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       634238                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines         1223421                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes       204054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples     23434508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965804                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0       20840162     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1         280540      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2         326275      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3         178216      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4         208754      0.89%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5         112537      0.48%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          76957      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         199564      0.85%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        1211503      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total     23434508                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.081318                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.462334                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles       19668993                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       799833                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles         2573441                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        19638                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles       372597                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved       335291                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred         2157                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts     14389321                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        11357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles       372597                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles       19699958                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        251133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       461999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles         2563452                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        85363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts     14379301                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           25                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        21998                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents        40189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands     19980605                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups     66962992                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups     66962992                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps     17037340                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps        2943195                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts         3766                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         2097                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts          229593                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads      1376791                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       748069                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        19760                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       164493                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded         14355089                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         3769                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued        13555054                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18176                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      1811039                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined      4208387                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          427                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     23434508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578423                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.267894                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     17719354     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2302578      9.83%     85.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1234144      5.27%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       853331      3.64%     94.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       746626      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       382230      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        91769      0.39%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        59881      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        44595      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     23434508                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3312     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        12875     43.71%     54.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        13269     45.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     11344673     83.69%     83.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       212024      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         1659      0.01%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      1254976      9.26%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       741722      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total     13555054                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.531664                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             29456                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002173                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads     50592246                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     16170037                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     13327285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses     13584510                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        34097                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads       247232                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          143                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        16999                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          829                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles       372597                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        202951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        14196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     14358878                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      1376791                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       748069                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         2100                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         9831                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          143                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       119250                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       115373                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts       234623                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts     13352516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      1178207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       202536                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  20                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs            1919674                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches        1867868                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           741467                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.523720                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent             13327577                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count            13327285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers         7925168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers        20758166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.522731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     10006956                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps     12277304                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts      2081768                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         3342                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts       206651                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     23061911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532363                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.351135                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18045821     78.25%     78.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2326469     10.09%     88.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       975811      4.23%     92.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       583743      2.53%     95.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       406288      1.76%     96.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       261350      1.13%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       137035      0.59%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       109280      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       216114      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     23061911                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     10006956                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps     12277304                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs              1860628                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             1129559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              1668                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches          1757024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        11068623                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls       249803                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events       216114                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads           37204804                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes          29090803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                306475                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles               2060999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          10006956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps            12277304                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     10006956                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.547778                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.547778                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.392499                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.392499                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads       60240190                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes      18497441                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads      13428639                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes         3338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                          30759                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32761.115949                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          1580062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          63522                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          24.874248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           289.553915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    22.559865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   871.278660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    19.590979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   835.640887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    24.073019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   470.562666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.302049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   595.075457                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    22.665976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   849.447843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.290856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   871.774381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    22.987395                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1186.619908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.084844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1373.305313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    22.263006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   478.074003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    21.740329                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1188.941931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.565440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   584.171201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    22.774961                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   470.570065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.721704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   475.059477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    20.806655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1174.745442                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    24.375819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   584.405503                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.242795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   830.580771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          1250.588744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          1492.871630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           897.754357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1046.121546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          1311.371288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1219.998661                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1496.195412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1489.634957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           867.223695                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1485.937850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          1056.064773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           875.538062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           870.140066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1494.265626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1064.993198                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1345.562968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.008836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.026589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000598                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.025502                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.014360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000772                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.018160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.025923                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.036213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.041910                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.014590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.036284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.017827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.014361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.014498                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.035850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.017835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.025347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.038165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.045559                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.027397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.031925                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.040020                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.037231                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.045660                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.045460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.026466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.045347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.032229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.026719                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.026555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.045601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.032501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.041063                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999790                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3605                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2675                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3767                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4332                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4960                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2732                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2667                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2666                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4354                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   55453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            18783                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 18783                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   239                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3702                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3611                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3781                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2683                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    55692                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data         3702                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data         3611                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2741                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data         3781                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3709                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data         4347                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data         4969                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data         2676                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data         4377                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2750                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data         2683                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data         4368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data         2772                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data         3805                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   55692                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1970                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1904                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 30736                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  12                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  30748                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1974                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1990                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1862                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 30748                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5219661                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    297761375                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4352934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297529244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5643876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    166569481                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5773016                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211705223                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5095258                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    287912530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5093662                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    300099217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5349205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    442314479                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5211317                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    483949544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5030794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170682554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5359138                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    440254583                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6075188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    208924025                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5461183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    166998382                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4994998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    168793164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5280888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    441598488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5706525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    205989615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5361731                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    279876078                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4655967356                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       581155                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       265785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       336718                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       584729                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       1768387                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5219661                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    298342530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4352934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297529244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5643876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    166569481                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5773016                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211705223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5095258                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288178315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5093662                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    300435935                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5349205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    442314479                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5211317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    483949544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5030794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170682554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5359138                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    440254583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6075188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    208924025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5461183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    166998382                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4994998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    168793164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5280888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    441598488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5706525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    205989615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5361731                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    280460807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4657735743                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5219661                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    298342530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4352934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    297529244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      5643876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    166569481                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5773016                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    211705223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5095258                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    288178315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5093662                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    300435935                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5349205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    442314479                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5211317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    483949544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5030794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    170682554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5359138                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    440254583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6075188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    208924025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5461183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    166998382                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4994998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    168793164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5280888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    441598488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5706525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    205989615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      5361731                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    280460807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4657735743                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5657                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5571                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5671                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5682                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7250                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8143                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7271                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3781                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7264                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               86189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18783                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             18783                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           19                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               251                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5699                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7265                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8152                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3790                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7278                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                86440                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         5676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         5577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         4140                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         5687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         5699                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         7265                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8152                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         3790                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         3787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         3798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7278                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         5667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               86440                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348241                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352899                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290074                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335743                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349877                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402483                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390888                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292761                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294896                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.356612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.210526                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.125000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.222222                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.047809                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352519                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.288771                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337923                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349184                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401652                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390456                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293931                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399259                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291524                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293576                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.399835                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.355715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352519                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.288771                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337923                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349184                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401652                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390456                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.941176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293931                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399259                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291524                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293576                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.399835                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.355715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153519.441176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151147.906091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150101.172414                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151337.357070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161253.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152396.597438                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151921.473684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151326.106505                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154401.757576                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151214.564076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149813.588235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150955.340543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152834.428571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151581.384167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148894.771429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152041.955388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157212.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153215.937163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153118.228571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151342.242351                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159873.368421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150738.834776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160623.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151266.650362                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151363.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151384.003587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150882.514286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151752.057732                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154230.405405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150687.355523                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153192.314286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150632.980624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 151482.540213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 145288.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 132892.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       168359                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 146182.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 147365.583333                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153519.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151136.033435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150101.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151337.357070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161253.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152396.597438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151921.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151326.106505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154401.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151195.338405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149813.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150972.831658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152834.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151581.384167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148894.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152041.955388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157212.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153215.937163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153118.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151342.242351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159873.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150738.834776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160623.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151266.650362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151363.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151384.003587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150882.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151752.057732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154230.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150687.355523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153192.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150623.419441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 151480.933492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 153519.441176                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 151136.033435                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150101.172414                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151337.357070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 161253.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 152396.597438                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 151921.473684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 151326.106505                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154401.757576                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 151195.338405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 149813.588235                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150972.831658                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 152834.428571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151581.384167                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 148894.771429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 152041.955388                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 157212.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 153215.937163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 153118.228571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 151342.242351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 159873.368421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 150738.834776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 160623.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 151266.650362                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 151363.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151384.003587                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 150882.514286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151752.057732                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154230.405405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 150687.355523                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 153192.314286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 150623.419441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 151480.933492                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                10651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     10651                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1970                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1988                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            30736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             12                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             30748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1974                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1093                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1399                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1906                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1990                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2918                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3183                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           32                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1104                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1115                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2910                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1367                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1862                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            30748                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3239640                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    183014668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2663857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    182993388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3611146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102924527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3562281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130231674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3173719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177010349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3118177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    184302718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3310347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    272389845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3176212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298676023                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3171193                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    105814882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3320612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    270887223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3868360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128220338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3485918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102724980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3078385                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103862619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3243957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    272134811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3557436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    126392644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3327370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    171663985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2866153284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       348734                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       148810                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       219841                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       352511                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1069896                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3239640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    183363402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2663857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    182993388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3611146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102924527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3562281                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130231674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3173719                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177159159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3118177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    184522559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3310347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    272389845                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3176212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298676023                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3171193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    105814882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3320612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    270887223                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3868360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128220338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3485918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102724980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3078385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103862619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3243957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    272134811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3557436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    126392644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3327370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172016496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   2867223180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3239640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    183363402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2663857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    182993388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3611146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    102924527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3562281                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    130231674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3173719                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    177159159                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3118177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    184522559                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3310347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    272389845                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3176212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    298676023                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3171193                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    105814882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3320612                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    270887223                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3868360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    128220338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3485918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    102724980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3078385                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    103862619                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3243957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    272134811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3557436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    126392644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3327370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172016496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   2867223180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348241                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.290074                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.339398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335743                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349877                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.402483                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.295412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.400083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.336571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.292761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.400606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328908                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.356612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.210526                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.125000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.117647                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.222222                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.047809                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352519                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.288771                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349184                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401652                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390456                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293931                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399259                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291524                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293576                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.399835                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328569                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.355715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.966667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.352519                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.288771                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.337923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.335150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.349184                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.401652                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.390456                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.941176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293931                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.399259                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.926829                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.335106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.291524                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.942857                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.293576                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.399835                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.925000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.330273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.972222                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.328569                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.355715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95283.529412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92900.846701                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91857.137931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93079.037640                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103175.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94166.996340                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93744.236842                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93089.116512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96173.303030                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92967.620273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91711.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92707.604628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94581.342857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93348.130569                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90748.914286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93834.754320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99099.781250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94986.429084                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94874.628571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93120.392919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101798.947368                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92511.066378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       102527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93047.989130                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93284.393939                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93150.330942                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92684.485714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93517.117182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96146.918919                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92459.871251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95067.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92391.811087                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93250.692478                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 87183.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        74405                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 109920.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 88127.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        89158                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95283.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92889.261398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91857.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93079.037640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103175.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94166.996340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93744.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93089.116512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96173.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92948.142183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91711.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92724.904020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94581.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93348.130569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90748.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93834.754320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99099.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94986.429084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94874.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93120.392919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101798.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92511.066378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       102527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93047.989130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93284.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93150.330942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92684.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93517.117182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96146.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92459.871251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95067.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92382.650913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93249.095226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 95283.529412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 92889.261398                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 91857.137931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93079.037640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 103175.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 94166.996340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93744.236842                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93089.116512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 96173.303030                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 92948.142183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 91711.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92724.904020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 94581.342857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93348.130569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 90748.914286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 93834.754320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 99099.781250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 94986.429084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 94874.628571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 93120.392919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 101798.947368                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 92511.066378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst       102527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 93047.989130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 93284.393939                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93150.330942                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 92684.485714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93517.117182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 96146.918919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 92459.871251                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 95067.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 92382.650913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93249.095226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              511.160347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1001230093                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1936615.266925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    29.160347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.046731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222001                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total        1222001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst      1222001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total       1222001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6852299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6852299                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6852299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6852299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6852299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6852299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst      1222043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163149.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163149.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163149.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163149.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163149.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163149.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5717488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5717488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5717488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5717488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      5717488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5717488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163356.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163356.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163356.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163356.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 163356.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163356.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 5676                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              158373795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 5932                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             26698.212239                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   225.285975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    30.714025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.880023                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.119977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       859637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       726500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726500                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1729                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1586137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data      1586137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19504                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        19958                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        19958                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2432668330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2432668330                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55689782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     55689782                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2488358112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2488358112                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2488358112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2488358112                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       879141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879141                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726954                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1729                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1606095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1606095                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      1606095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1606095                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.022185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022185                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012426                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124726.637100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124726.637100                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 122664.718062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122664.718062                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124679.733039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124679.733039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 124679.733039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124679.733039                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            1921                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        13847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14282                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    567158893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    567158893                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1625994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1625994                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    568784887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    568784887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    568784887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    568784887                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003534                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100257.891639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100257.891639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85578.631579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 85578.631579                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100208.753876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100208.753876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 100208.753876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100208.753876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              549.369819                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              919937145                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1651592.719928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    23.039250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.330569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.036922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.843478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.880400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1239962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1239962                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1239962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total        1239962                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst      1239962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total       1239962                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5714144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5714144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5714144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5714144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5714144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5714144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1240000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1240000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1240000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total      1240000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst      1240000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total      1240000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000031                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150372.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150372.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150372.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150372.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 150372.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150372.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           30                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4779771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4779771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4779771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4779771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4779771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4779771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159325.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159325.700000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159325.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159325.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 159325.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 159325.700000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                 5577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              205258881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 5833                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             35189.247557                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   192.630627                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    63.369373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.752463                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.247537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      1851027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       1851027                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       336715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       336715                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2187742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total        2187742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data      2187742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total       2187742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19430                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           30                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        19460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        19460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        19460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2099086920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2099086920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      2420788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2420788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2101507708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2101507708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   2101507708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2101507708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      1870457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1870457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       336745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       336745                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          796                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2207202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total      2207202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      2207202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total      2207202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008817                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008817                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 108033.294905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108033.294905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 80692.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80692.933333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107991.146351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107991.146351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 107991.146351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107991.146351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        13883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        13883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        13883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         5577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    560040067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    560040067                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       384600                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    560424667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    560424667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    560424667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    560424667                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002527                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100527.744929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100527.744929                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100488.554241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100488.554241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 100488.554241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100488.554241                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              487.056000                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1003038888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             2038696.926829                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    32.056000                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.051372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.780538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1249930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249930                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1249930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total        1249930                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst      1249930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total       1249930                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8783490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8783490                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8783490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8783490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      8783490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8783490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1249976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1249976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249976                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst      1249976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249976                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190945.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190945.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190945.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190945.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 190945.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190945.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7303833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7303833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7303833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7303833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7303833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7303833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197400.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197400.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197400.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197400.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 197400.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 197400.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                 3785                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              148775211                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 4041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             36816.434298                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   219.894658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    36.105342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.858964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.141036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       996064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996064                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       738491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738491                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1734555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data      1734555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         9754                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         9754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         9754                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1007977867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1007977867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      8319190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8319190                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1016297057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1016297057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1016297057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1016297057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1005698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005698                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       738611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1901                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1744309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744309                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      1744309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744309                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000162                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005592                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104627.140025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104627.140025                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 69326.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69326.583333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104192.849805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104192.849805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104192.849805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104192.849805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             849                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3768                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3785                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    358900554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358900554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1318635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1318635                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    360219189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    360219189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    360219189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    360219189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95249.616242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95249.616242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 77566.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77566.764706                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95170.195244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95170.195244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 95170.195244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95170.195244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              509.743598                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              999936974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1937862.352713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    34.743598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.055679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1241139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1241139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total        1241139                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst      1241139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total       1241139                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9213060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9213060                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9213060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9213060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      9213060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9213060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1241189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241189                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1241189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241189                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst      1241189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241189                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184261.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 184261.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184261.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 184261.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 184261.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 184261.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7693931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7693931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7693931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7693931                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7693931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7693931                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187656.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187656.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187656.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187656.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 187656.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187656.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                 4140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              152470753                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 4396                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             34683.974750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   223.275402                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    32.724598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.872170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.127830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       853834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853834                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       717736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717736                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1571570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571570                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data      1571570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571570                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          108                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total        13349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total        13349                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1564856169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1564856169                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      9314043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9314043                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1574170212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1574170212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1574170212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1574170212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       867075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       717844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717844                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1829                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1728                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1584919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584919                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      1584919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584919                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 118182.627370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118182.627370                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 86241.138889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86241.138889                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117924.204959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117924.204959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 117924.204959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117924.204959                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           90                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         9209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9209                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data         4140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    408790835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    408790835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1298299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1298299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    410089134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    410089134                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    410089134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    410089134                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99172.934255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99172.934255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 72127.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72127.722222                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99055.346377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99055.346377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 99055.346377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99055.346377                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              511.594117                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1001230471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1940369.129845                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    29.594117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.047426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.819862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1222379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222379                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1222379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total        1222379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst      1222379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total       1222379                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6987917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6987917                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6987917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6987917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      6987917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6987917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1222421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1222421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst      1222421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166378.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166378.976190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166378.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166378.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166378.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166378.976190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5716013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5716013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5716013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5716013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5716013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5716013                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168118.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168118.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168118.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168118.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 168118.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168118.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                 5687                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              158375690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                 5943                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             26649.114925                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   225.269647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    30.730353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.879960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.120040                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       860844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       727194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       727194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1588038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total        1588038                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data      1588038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total       1588038                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19472                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          451                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total        19923                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        19923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total        19923                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2419844344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2419844344                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     53977227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53977227                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2473821571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2473821571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2473821571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2473821571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       880316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       880316                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       727645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727645                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1721                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1671                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1607961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      1607961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000620                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012390                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012390                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124273.025062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124273.025062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 119683.430155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119683.430155                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124169.129699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124169.129699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 124169.129699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124169.129699                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            1997                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        13801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          435                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        14236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14236                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5671                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5687                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    562437423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    562437423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1272147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1272147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    563709570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    563709570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    563709570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    563709570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99177.821019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99177.821019                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 79509.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 79509.187500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99122.484614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99122.484614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 99122.484614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99122.484614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              512.691731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1001230326                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1936615.717602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    30.691731                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.049185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1222234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1222234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1222234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total        1222234                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst      1222234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total       1222234                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7012530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7012530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7012530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7012530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7012530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7012530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1222276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1222276                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1222276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total      1222276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst      1222276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total      1222276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       166965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total       166965                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       166965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total       166965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst       166965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total       166965                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5856766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5856766                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5856766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5856766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5856766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5856766                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167336.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167336.171429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167336.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167336.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167336.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167336.171429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                 5699                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              158373880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 5955                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             26595.109992                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   225.275018                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    30.724982                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.879981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.120019                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       859976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        859976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       726252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726252                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1586228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total        1586228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data      1586228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total       1586228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19494                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          454                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total        19948                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        19948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total        19948                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2427763910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2427763910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     53696281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     53696281                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2481460191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2481460191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   2481460191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2481460191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       879470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       726706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       726706                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1723                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1606176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1606176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      1606176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1606176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.022166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.022166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000625                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012420                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012420                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124539.033036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124539.033036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118273.746696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118273.746696                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124396.440295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 124396.440295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 124396.440295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 124396.440295                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            1956                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        13812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          437                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14249                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        14249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14249                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5699                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         5699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5699                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    569548771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    569548771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1375700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1375700                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    570924471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    570924471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    570924471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    570924471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003548                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100237.376100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100237.376100                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 80923.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80923.529412                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100179.763292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100179.763292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 100179.763292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100179.763292                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              518.418258                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1005694561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1911966.846008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    28.418258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.045542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1236516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236516                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1236516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total        1236516                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst      1236516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total       1236516                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7435874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7435874                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7435874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7435874                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7435874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7435874                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1236562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1236562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst      1236562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161649.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161649.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161649.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161649.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 161649.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161649.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5916114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5916114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5916114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5916114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5916114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5916114                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164336.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164336.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164336.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164336.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164336.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164336.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 7265                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              167229556                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 7521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             22235.016088                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   227.512715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    28.487285                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.888722                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.111278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       857259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        857259                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       708673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708673                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1906                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1565932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total        1565932                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data      1565932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total       1565932                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           85                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total        18633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        18633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total        18633                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2193380582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2193380582                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      6871118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6871118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2200251700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2200251700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2200251700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2200251700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       875807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       875807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       708758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708758                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1906                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1584565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584565                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      1584565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584565                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021178                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118254.290597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118254.290597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 80836.682353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 80836.682353                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118083.598991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118083.598991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 118083.598991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118083.598991                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             953                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data        11368                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11368                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         7265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7265                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    762868068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    762868068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       974209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       974209                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    763842277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    763842277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    763842277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    763842277                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105223.181793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105223.181793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64947.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64947.266667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105140.024363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105140.024363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105140.024363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105140.024363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              571.443316                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1030793165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  579                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1780299.075993                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    30.082590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   541.360726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.048209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.867565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.915775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1210384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1210384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1210384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total        1210384                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst      1210384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total       1210384                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7311725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7311725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7311725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7311725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      7311725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7311725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1210432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1210432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1210432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total      1210432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst      1210432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total      1210432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152327.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152327.604167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152327.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152327.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 152327.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152327.604167                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5570533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5570533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5570533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5570533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5570533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5570533                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154737.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154737.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154737.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154737.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154737.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 154737.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                 8152                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              406446453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 8408                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             48340.443982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.093164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.906836                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.433958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.566042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      3166919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       3166919                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      1733592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      1733592                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          848                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4900511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total        4900511                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data      4900511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total       4900511                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        28794                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           29                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total        28823                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        28823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total        28823                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3305800506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3305800506                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2298224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      2298224                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3308098730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   3308098730                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3308098730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   3308098730                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      3195713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      3195713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      1733621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      1733621                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          848                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4929334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total      4929334                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      4929334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total      4929334                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009010                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005847                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005847                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114808.658262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114808.658262                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 79249.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79249.103448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114772.880339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114772.880339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 114772.880339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114772.880339                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         1434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            1434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        20651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        20671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        20671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        20671                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         8143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         8152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         8152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         8152                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    863578357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    863578357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       593991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       593991                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    864172348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    864172348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    864172348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    864172348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001654                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106051.621884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106051.621884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        65999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65999                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106007.402846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106007.402846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106007.402846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106007.402846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              485.955677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1003038762                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  489                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             2051204.012270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    30.955677                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.049608                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1249804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1249804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1249804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total        1249804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst      1249804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total       1249804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8658443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8658443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8658443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8658443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      8658443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8658443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1249848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1249848                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1249848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total      1249848                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst      1249848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total      1249848                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196782.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196782.795455                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196782.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196782.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 196782.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196782.795455                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7184365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7184365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7184365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7184365                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 211304.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211304.852941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 211304.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211304.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 211304.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 211304.852941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                 3790                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              148775250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                 4046                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             36770.946614                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   219.871954                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    36.128046                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.858875                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.141125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       996194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996194                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       738379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1734573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data      1734573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9627                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          115                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         9742                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         9742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         9742                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1009205736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1009205736                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9119309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      9119309                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1018325045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1018325045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   1018325045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1018325045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1005821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       738494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1922                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1797                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1744315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      1744315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005585                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104830.760985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104830.760985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 79298.339130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79298.339130                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104529.362041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 104529.362041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104529.362041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 104529.362041                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           96                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           96                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5952                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         5952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5952                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           19                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3790                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data         3790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3790                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    361542894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    361542894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1524953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1524953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    363067847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    363067847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    363067847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    363067847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002173                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95874.540971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95874.540971                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 80260.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80260.684211                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95796.265699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95796.265699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 95796.265699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95796.265699                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              517.238094                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1005694842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1911967.380228                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    27.238094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.043651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828907                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1236797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1236797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total        1236797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst      1236797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total       1236797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7179803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7179803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7179803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7179803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      7179803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7179803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1236843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1236843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236843                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst      1236843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236843                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156082.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156082.673913                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156082.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156082.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 156082.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156082.673913                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5814148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5814148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5814148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5814148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5814148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5814148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161504.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161504.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161504.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161504.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 161504.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161504.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                 7286                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              167228371                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                 7542                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             22172.947627                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   227.532153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    28.467847                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.888797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.111203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       856426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        856426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       708270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1564696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total        1564696                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data      1564696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total       1564696                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18614                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           88                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        18702                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        18702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        18702                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2190779388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2190779388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      7365462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7365462                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2198144850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2198144850                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   2198144850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2198144850                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       875040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       875040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       708358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708358                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1958                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1583398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1583398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      1583398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1583398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021272                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000124                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011811                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011811                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117695.250242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117695.250242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 83698.431818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83698.431818                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117535.282323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117535.282323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 117535.282323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117535.282323                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           73                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        11416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11416                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7271                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7286                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data         7286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7286                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    764126306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    764126306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1007294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1007294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    765133600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    765133600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    765133600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    765133600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105092.326503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105092.326503                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67152.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67152.933333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105014.219050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105014.219050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105014.219050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105014.219050                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              510.106715                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              999937337                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1937863.056202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.106715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.056261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.817479                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1241502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241502                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1241502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total        1241502                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst      1241502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total       1241502                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9833826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9833826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9833826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9833826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9833826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9833826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1241551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1241551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst      1241551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000039                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 200690.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200690.326531                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 200690.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200690.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 200690.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200690.326531                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8177161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8177161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      8177161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8177161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000033                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 199442.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199442.951220                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 199442.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199442.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 199442.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199442.951220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 4136                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              152469999                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 4392                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             34715.391393                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   223.260005                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    32.739995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.872109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.127891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       853625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        853625                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       717182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717182                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1837                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total        1570807                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data      1570807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total       1570807                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13188                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          105                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total        13293                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total        13293                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1551042106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1551042106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      8349948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8349948                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1559392054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1559392054                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1559392054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1559392054                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       866813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       866813                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       717287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717287                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1837                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1584100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1584100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      1584100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1584100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015214                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000146                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117610.108129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 117610.108129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 79523.314286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79523.314286                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117309.264575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117309.264575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 117309.264575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117309.264575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           87                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         9157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9157                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         4136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    406410926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    406410926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1197387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1197387                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    407608313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    407608313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    407608313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    407608313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004751                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98691.337057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98691.337057                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 66521.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66521.500000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98551.332930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98551.332930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 98551.332930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98551.332930                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              485.738538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1003038987                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2042849.260692                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    30.738538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.049260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.778427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1250029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1250029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total        1250029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst      1250029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total       1250029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8771689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8771689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8771689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8771689                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      8771689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8771689                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1250075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1250075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst      1250075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 190688.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 190688.891304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 190688.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 190688.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 190688.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 190688.891304                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7183284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7183284                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7183284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7183284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7183284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7183284                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199535.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199535.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199535.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199535.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 199535.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 199535.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                 3787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              148775990                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 4043                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             36798.414544                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   219.920485                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    36.079515                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.859064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.140936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       996264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996264                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       739052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       739052                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1800                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1735316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total        1735316                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data      1735316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total       1735316                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9636                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         9711                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         9711                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1001927241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1001927241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      6707105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6707105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1008634346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1008634346                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1008634346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1008634346                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1005900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005900                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       739127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       739127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1916                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data         1800                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1800                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1745027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1745027                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      1745027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1745027                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000101                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103977.505293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103977.505293                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89428.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89428.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103865.137061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103865.137061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 103865.137061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103865.137061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             837                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           59                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5924                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5924                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    358353665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    358353665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1233927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1233927                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359587592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    359587592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    359587592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    359587592                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002170                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 95028.815964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95028.815964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 77120.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77120.437500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94953.153420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94953.153420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 94953.153420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94953.153420                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              486.565014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1003038994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  490                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             2047018.355102                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    31.565014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.050585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.779752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1250036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1250036                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1250036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total        1250036                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst      1250036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total       1250036                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8630365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8630365                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8630365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8630365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      8630365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8630365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1250083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1250083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1250083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total      1250083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst      1250083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total      1250083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183624.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 183624.787234                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183624.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 183624.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 183624.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 183624.787234                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6482415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6482415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6482415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6482415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 185211.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185211.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 185211.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185211.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 185211.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 185211.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                 3798                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              148775418                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                 4054                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             36698.425752                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   219.929172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    36.070828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.859098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.140902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       996031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        996031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       738708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       738708                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1734739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total        1734739                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data      1734739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total       1734739                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         9669                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          102                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         9771                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         9771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         9771                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1004773056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1004773056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8784191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8784191                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1013557247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1013557247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1013557247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1013557247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1005700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1005700                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       738810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       738810                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1923                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1798                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1744510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1744510                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      1744510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1744510                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009614                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000138                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005601                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103916.956872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103916.956872                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 86119.519608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86119.519608                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103731.168458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103731.168458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 103731.168458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103731.168458                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        21026                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        21026                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             843                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         5888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           85                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5973                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data         3798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    359867931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    359867931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1387177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1387177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    361255108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    361255108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    361255108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    361255108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003760                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002177                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95177.976990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95177.976990                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 81598.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 81598.647059                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95117.195366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95117.195366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 95117.195366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95117.195366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.439301                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1005694603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  526                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1911966.925856                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    27.439301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.043973                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1236558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1236558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1236558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total        1236558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst      1236558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total       1236558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7363137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7363137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7363137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7363137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7363137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7363137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1236604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1236604                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1236604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total      1236604                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst      1236604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total      1236604                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160068.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160068.195652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160068.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160068.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160068.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160068.195652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5801602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5801602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5801602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5801602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5801602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5801602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161155.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161155.611111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161155.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161155.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 161155.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161155.611111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                 7278                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167227451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                 7534                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             22196.369923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   227.521988                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    28.478012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.888758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.111242                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       855723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        855723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       708064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       708064                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1563787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total        1563787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data      1563787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total       1563787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        18629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           83                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        18712                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        18712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        18712                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2200685587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2200685587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      7096416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7096416                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2207782003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2207782003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   2207782003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2207782003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       874352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       874352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       708147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       708147                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1652                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1582499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1582499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      1582499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1582499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000117                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011824                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011824                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 118132.244726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118132.244726                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85498.987952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85498.987952                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117987.494816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117987.494816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 117987.494816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117987.494816                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             933                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        11365                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        11434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        11434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        11434                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         7264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         7278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data         7278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         7278                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    765911820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    765911820                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       968615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       968615                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    766880435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    766880435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    766880435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    766880435                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008308                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004599                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105439.402533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105439.402533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 69186.785714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69186.785714                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105369.666804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105369.666804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105369.666804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105369.666804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              509.346887                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              999937407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1941626.033010                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    34.346887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.055043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.816261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1241572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1241572                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1241572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total        1241572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst      1241572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total       1241572                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9255822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9255822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9255822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9255822                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      9255822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9255822                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1241619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1241619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1241619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total      1241619                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst      1241619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total      1241619                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196932.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 196932.382979                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196932.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196932.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 196932.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196932.382979                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7784712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7784712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7784712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7784712                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7784712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7784712                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194617.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194617.800000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194617.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194617.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 194617.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 194617.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 4139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              152470914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 4395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             34691.903072                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   223.270273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    32.729727                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.872150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.127850                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       854297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        854297                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       717428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       717428                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1571725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total        1571725                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data      1571725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total       1571725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        13200                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           94                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total        13294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total        13294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1544317954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1544317954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      7863860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      7863860                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1552181814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1552181814                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1552181814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1552181814                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       867497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       867497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       717522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       717522                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1834                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1729                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1585019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1585019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      1585019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1585019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116993.784394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 116993.784394                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83658.085106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 83658.085106                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116758.072363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 116758.072363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 116758.072363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 116758.072363                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             858                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         9078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         9155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         9155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         9155                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         4122                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           17                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         4139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    405388178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    405388178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1160486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1160486                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406548664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    406548664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    406548664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    406548664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004752                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000024                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002611                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98347.447356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98347.447356                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 68263.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68263.882353                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98223.885963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98223.885963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98223.885963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98223.885963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              512.450650                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1001231467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1932879.279923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    30.450650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.048799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.821235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1223375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       1223375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1223375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total        1223375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst      1223375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total       1223375                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7806561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7806561                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7806561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7806561                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      7806561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7806561                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1223421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1223421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1223421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total      1223421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst      1223421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total      1223421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000038                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169707.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169707.847826                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169707.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169707.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 169707.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169707.847826                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6185453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6185453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6185453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6185453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6185453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6185453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171818.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171818.138889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171818.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171818.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 171818.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171818.138889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                 5667                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              158375134                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 5923                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             26739.006247                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   225.276758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    30.723242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.879987                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.120013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       860500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        860500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       726992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       726992                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1587492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total        1587492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data      1587492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total       1587492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        19315                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          484                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        19799                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        19799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        19799                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2386728024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   2386728024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     59655470                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     59655470                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2446383494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2446383494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   2446383494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2446383494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       879815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       879815                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       727476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       727476                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         1713                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         1669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1607291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total      1607291                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      1607291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total      1607291                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021953                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000665                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000665                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123568.626663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123568.626663                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123255.103306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123255.103306                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123560.962372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 123560.962372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 123560.962372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 123560.962372                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            2016                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        13666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        13666                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          466                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        14132                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         5649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           18                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         5667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data         5667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         5667                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    555985576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    555985576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1575930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1575930                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557561506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    557561506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    557561506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    557561506                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003526                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98421.946539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98421.946539                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 87551.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87551.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98387.419446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98387.419446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98387.419446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98387.419446                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
