
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.123154                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                123153665844                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               647981259381                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 289697                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   369837                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                2053103                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67762112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59984.18                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17377260204                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22184359672                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4139520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4135680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2574464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1697792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1212032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1212032                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2570368                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      1211904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      2571136                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4855552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1211392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1697408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      4854528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1699200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      1697536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      2574464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             39991936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4480                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           76928                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks      9708032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total           9708032                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        32340                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        32310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        13264                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        37934                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        13261                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        37926                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        13275                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        13262                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                312437                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           75844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                75844                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     33612641                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39495                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     33581461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20904485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13785964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9841623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9841623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        34299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20871226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36377                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data      9840584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        35338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     20877462                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44692                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39426776                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37417                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data      9836427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     13782846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41574                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     39418461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     13797397                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42613                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     13783885                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        35338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20904485                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               324731998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        39495                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        34299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        42613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        38456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        37417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        34299                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        36377                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        35338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        44692                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        37417                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        41574                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42613                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        35338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             624651                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks          78828608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total               78828608                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks          78828608                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     33612641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        39495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     33581461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        34299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20904485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        42613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13785964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        38456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9841623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        37417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9841623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        34299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20871226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        36377                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data      9840584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        35338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     20877462                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        44692                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39426776                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        37417                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data      9836427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     13782846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        41574                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     39418461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     13797397                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42613                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     13783885                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        35338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20904485                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              403560606                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20747799                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16966339                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025813                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8535838                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8179225                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2134259                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89880                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201397566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117774310                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20747799                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10313484                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            24669065                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5899761                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      9390799                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12384942                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2039082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    239286490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601348                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214617425     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1333249      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        2106767      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3363214      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1394516      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1555919      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1666286      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1090213      0.46%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12158901      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    239286490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.070252                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.398785                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      199482645                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     11320618                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        24592599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        62034                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3828591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3402995                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          470                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143806346                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         3043                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3828591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      199783422                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       2280879                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      8131787                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24359523                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       902283                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143718854                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents        32774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       246075                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       332618                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        65797                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199512401                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    668569643                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    668569643                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170241825                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29270551                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37014                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20546                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2654258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13689296                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7365602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222304                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1676059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143531520                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37125                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135839104                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171245                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18176114                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40573871                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3919                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239286490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567684                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181985705     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23017830      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12569439      5.25%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8570684      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8015145      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2302963      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795878      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       611087      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417759      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239286490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31515     12.62%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95520     38.26%     50.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122622     49.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113791166     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2149815      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16461      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12554806      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7326856      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135839104                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.459953                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249657                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511385597                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161746258                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133663564                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    136088761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       411800                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2452897                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1530                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       222584                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8464                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           29                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3828591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       1424170                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       122331                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143568803                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13497                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13689296                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7365602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20541                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        90017                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1530                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1183803                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157143                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2340946                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133910379                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11807147                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1928722                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 158                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19132142                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18845149                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7324995                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.453422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133664477                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133663564                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        78144187                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       204147190                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.452587                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.382784                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122574593                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20994807                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33206                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2069187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235457899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185703499     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24095254     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9378867      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5056049      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3781522      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112876      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1305356      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1164954      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2859522      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235457899                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122574593                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18379417                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11236399                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16566                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17595164                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110448787                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2490081                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2859522                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          376167101                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290967620                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3263787                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              56046043                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122574593                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.953325                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.953325                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.338601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.338601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      603866516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     185264049                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134146541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33176                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       20731616                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16954875                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2028090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8624537                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8183129                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2132807                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89768                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201302167                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            117619952                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          20731616                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10315936                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            24651297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5894634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      9364657                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12380871                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2041344                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    239139766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945451                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      214488469     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1337571      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        2111497      0.88%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3363690      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1391891      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1557570      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        1658243      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1084890      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       12145945      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    239139766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.070198                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.398263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199390599                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     11291285                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        24574929                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        61775                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3821175                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3398351                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    143628791                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         3046                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3821175                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199695771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       2271592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      8106810                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        24336757                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       907656                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    143536584                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents        43140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       244949                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       332856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents        70519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    199266237                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    667694348                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    667694348                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    170114579                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29151589                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        37128                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20674                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2657848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     13684118                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7355679                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       222092                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1672329                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        143342859                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37237                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       135721100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       171215                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18081913                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40204170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4058                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    239139766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567539                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260737                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    181877797     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     23004614      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12572904      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8560206      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8000969      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2299118      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1795954      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       610762      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       417442      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    239139766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         31554     12.67%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        95088     38.18%     50.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122408     49.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113695792     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2144355      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16448      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12547044      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7317461      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    135721100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.459554                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            249050                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001835                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    511002231                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161463507                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133538457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    135970150                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       412855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2456101                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          396                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1527                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       218005                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8444                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           53                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3821175                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       1410178                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       121727                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143380252                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        39954                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13684118                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7355679                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20666                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        89556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1527                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1186166                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1157014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2343180                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133785625                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11798862                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1935475                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                 156                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           19114531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       18830930                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7315669                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.453000                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133539352                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133538457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        78074868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       203950822                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.452163                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.382812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99925204                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    122482975                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20897773                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33178                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2071471                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    235318591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520499                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372623                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185600416     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24075912     10.23%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9374611      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5051563      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3778993      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2112123      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1304704      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1163811      0.49%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2856458      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    235318591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     99925204                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    122482975                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18365668                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11228006                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             16552                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         17582027                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       110366242                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2488230                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2856458                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          375842205                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         290582973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               3263347                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              56192767                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          99925204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           122482975                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     99925204                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.955536                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.955536                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.338348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.338348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      603314963                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     185100478                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     133976069                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        33148                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20282629                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18113437                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1616760                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13576474                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13252471                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1217437                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49021                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214400821                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            115183827                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20282629                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     14469908                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25689487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5299385                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8600874                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12972821                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587058                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    252364738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746883                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      226675251     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3917893      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1977522      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3878582      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1241287      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3593139      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         566155      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         910460      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9604449      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    252364738                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068677                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390014                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      212390647                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10660173                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25638845                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        20498                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3654571                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1913296                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    128841811                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        35760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3654571                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      212619263                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6860215                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3073332                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25411776                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       745577                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    128655104                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        99764                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       569459                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    168617441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    583072984                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    583072984                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    136776971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       31840470                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        17276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8748                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1723057                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     23217078                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3765055                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24411                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       855061                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        127991628                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17339                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       119873649                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77837                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23060339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47208795                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          137                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252364738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199804942     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16519251      6.55%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17650318      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10181831      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5260200      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1318317      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1563387      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36374      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30118      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252364738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200809     57.20%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82656     23.54%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67623     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93997755     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939401      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8528      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21195139     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3732826      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    119873649                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.405894                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            351088                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492540961                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151069629                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116832251                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    120224737                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4727823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          328                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3654571                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       6015275                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89451                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128009057                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        16513                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23217078                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3765055                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8746                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42989                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2432                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          328                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093113                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1713381                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118352536                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20889629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1521113                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  90                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           24622248                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17993728                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3732619                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.400743                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            116859106                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           116832251                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        70704138                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       153974716                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.395596                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.459193                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93080717                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    104788108                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23226161                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1606642                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248710167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209699595     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15327354      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9844959      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3099317      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5143657      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1003485      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636042      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581484      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3374274      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248710167                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     93080717                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    104788108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             22167937                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            18489255                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8582                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         16078026                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        91573811                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1309454                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3374274                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          373349811                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         259685955                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4787986                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              42967795                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          93080717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           104788108                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     93080717                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.172865                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.172865                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315173                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315173                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      550144712                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     152229634                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     136851131                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        17186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       22816218                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18669088                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2237756                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9605620                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9000384                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2360999                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101982                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220078430                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            127528028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          22816218                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     11361383                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            26644051                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       6080075                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11971922                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        13464971                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2238955                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    262507722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931107                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      235863671     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1250061      0.48%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1979198      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2676320      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2749874      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2325196      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1300823      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1934560      0.74%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       12428019      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    262507722                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077256                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.431812                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      217815166                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     14254532                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        26594837                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        30246                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3812938                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3754858                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          382                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    156511885                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1981                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3812938                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      218413487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2008213                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10863886                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        26033799                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1375396                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    156450991                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       204670                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       590016                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    218331439                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    727802772                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    727802772                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    189575319                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       28756120                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        39256                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20620                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         4082735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     14660432                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7939031                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93434                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1860030                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        156258052                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39395                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       148533514                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20399                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17053529                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40648367                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1813                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262507722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565825                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199643768     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25856140      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13104210      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9873565      3.76%     94.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7753168      2.95%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3130480      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1979223      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1029495      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137673      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262507722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27634     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90445     36.61%     47.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128994     52.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124926897     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2211285      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18634      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13463429      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7913269      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    148533514                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.502937                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247073                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559842222                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173351589                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146292979                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    148780587                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       297686                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2344939                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          113                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          616                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3812938                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1673420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135305                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156297599                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57615                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14660432                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7939031                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20621                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114154                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          616                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1306871                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249774                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2556645                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146471294                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12666773                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2062220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           20579731                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       20822156                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7912958                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.495954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            146293251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           146292979                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        83980338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       226276490                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495350                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371140                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110510391                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    135981897                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20315720                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37582                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2265965                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258694784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372967                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202920341     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27634965     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10452433      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4977261      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4191820      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2410220      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2109107      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       951835      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3046802      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258694784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    110510391                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    135981897                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             20150218                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            12315493                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             18750                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         19608802                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       122518118                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2800199                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      3046802                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          411944845                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         316408232                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3338894                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              32824811                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         110510391                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           135981897                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    110510391                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374190                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374190                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      659251758                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     203796940                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     145083322                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        37548                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       25642342                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21349930                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2329186                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9822510                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9386927                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2759624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108264                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223145379                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            140664401                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          25642342                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     12146551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            29321931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       6474427                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     20010070                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        13854525                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226859                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    276606643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624868                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      247284712     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1799209      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        2272198      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        3609306      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1510496      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1947060      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        2269258      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1036941      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       14877463      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    276606643                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086825                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      221837668                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     21448876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        29182668                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        13950                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      4123480                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3902842                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    171915461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         3192                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      4123480                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      222062395                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles        716545                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     20104789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        28972155                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       627271                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    170858436                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents        90705                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       437446                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    238659147                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    794559425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    794559425                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    199853979                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       38805168                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        41545                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2205532                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     15974914                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      8368703                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93729                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1901232                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        166824875                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41694                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       160122023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158575                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20118842                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40829279                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1720                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276606643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208748710     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30958569     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12654244      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7087652      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9604447      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2955025      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2910165      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564541      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123290      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276606643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1102981     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148043     10.62%     89.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142733     10.24%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134896095     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2189322      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19818      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14673498      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8343290      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    160122023                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.542175                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1393757                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008704                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598403021                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186986183                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155958079                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    161515780                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119016                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2985686                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          775                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       114907                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      4123480                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles        544849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68870                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166866576                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15974914                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8368703                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60138                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          775                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1381497                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305661                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2687158                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157335545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14435688                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2786478                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           22778285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       22252433                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          8342597                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.532740                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            155958486                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           155958079                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        93438200                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       250979902                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528076                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372294                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116270074                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    143271440                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23595770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2349095                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272483163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344574                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211842318     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30733033     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11155296      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5562856      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5084806      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2136992      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110518      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006797      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2850547      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272483163                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    116270074                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    143271440                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             21243024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            12989228                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             19942                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         20767008                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       128990702                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2958469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2850547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          436499020                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         337857922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3378974                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18725890                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         116270074                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           143271440                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    116270074                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.540056                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.540056                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.393692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.393692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      707962403                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     217931395                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     159028669                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        39940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       25639443                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21347194                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2329416                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9776124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9378174                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758715                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108098                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223145957                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            140668120                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          25639443                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     12136889                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            29317933                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       6475671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     20005259                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         6011                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           62                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        13854835                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2227165                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    276600392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624905                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987793                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      247282459     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1798143      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        2262890      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        3609356      1.30%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1518184      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1944904      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        2268908      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1038122      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       14877426      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    276600392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086816                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.476304                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      221839201                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     21443895                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        29179060                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        13719                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      4124516                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3902788                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          654                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    171923040                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      4124516                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      222063778                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        715133                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles     20102519                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        28968371                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       626067                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    170867466                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents        90448                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       436315                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    238662965                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    794588254                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    794588254                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    199832130                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       38830824                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        41467                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21651                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2200990                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     15976633                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      8369100                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93992                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1897339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        166823096                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41616                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       160111057                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159273                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20124337                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40869355                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1646                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276600392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302899                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208750337     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30956333     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12647463      4.57%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7087970      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9604190      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2957096      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2908808      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564760      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123435      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276600392                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103502     79.13%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148272     10.63%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142721     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134887962     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188358      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19816      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14671376      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8343545      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    160111057                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.542138                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394495                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598376274                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186989813                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155949186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    161505552                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118682                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2988823                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           51                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116211                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      4124516                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        543847                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68922                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166864717                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131157                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15976633                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8369100                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21650                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60175                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           72                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1380660                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1306495                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2687155                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157325646                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14433145                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2785411                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           22775934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       22250654                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          8342789                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.532707                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            155949606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           155949186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        93425039                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       250954625                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.528046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372279                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116257361                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    143255763                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23609654                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      2349300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272475876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211844701     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30727121     11.28%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11154796      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558363      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5085203      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2137106      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111927      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1007215      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849444      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272475876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    116257361                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    143255763                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             21240699                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            12987810                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             19940                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         20764740                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       128976582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2958142                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2849444                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          436491043                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         337855374                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               3379703                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              18732141                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         116257361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           143255763                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    116257361                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.540334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.540334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393649                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393649                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      707911450                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     217918273                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     159031363                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        39936                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       20240986                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18075721                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1613504                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13561535                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13225351                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1214096                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48943                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214000081                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            114944068                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          20240986                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     14439447                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            25634185                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5287467                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8739088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         2173                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12947926                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1583745                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    252040440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.510924                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746249                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      226406255     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3910360      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1970131      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3870618      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1240459      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3584544      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         564625      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         908826      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9584622      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    252040440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068536                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      211995339                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10795133                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        25583519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        20478                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3645967                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1909816                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18920                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    128569928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        35727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3645967                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      212224143                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6985969                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      3084024                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        25356295                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       744038                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    128381581                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        99731                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       568116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    168250484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    581812240                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    581812240                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    136493200                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       31757264                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        17232                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8724                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1718852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     23169469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3756487                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24184                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       854220                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        127720267                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17294                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119622411                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        78000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23004629                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47086211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          133                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252040440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474616                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.087952                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199586144     79.19%     79.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16490932      6.54%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17612036      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10160053      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5252838      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1311092      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1561043      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36238      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30064      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252040440                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200317     57.19%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82514     23.56%     80.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67450     19.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93800252     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       937124      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8509      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21152316     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3724210      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119622411                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405043                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350281                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    491713543                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150742514                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116589930                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119972692                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        91724                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4715835                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          121                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          329                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85925                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3645967                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       6145482                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89264                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127737654                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15110                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23169469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3756487                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8722                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        42771                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2413                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          329                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090812                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619148                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1709960                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118109599                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20850564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1512812                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  93                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           24574569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17957671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3724005                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.399921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            116616900                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           116589930                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        70552773                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       153622602                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.394775                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.459260                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92891491                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    104572812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23170007                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17161                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1603405                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248394473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.420995                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209464186     84.33%     84.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15295746      6.16%     90.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9824094      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3092160      1.24%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5133603      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1002737      0.40%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       634930      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581415      0.23%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3365602      1.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248394473                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     92891491                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    104572812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             22124191                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            18453629                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8562                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16045281                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        91384939                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1306566                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3365602                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          372771339                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         259134497                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4778633                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              43292093                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          92891491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           104572812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     92891491                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.179328                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.179328                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314532                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314532                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      549014888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     151910265                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     136567542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        17144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       25649886                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21357279                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328205                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9773208                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9384486                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2760392                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       107914                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223129335                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            140701202                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          25649886                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches     12144878                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            29331602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       6482461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     20012014                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5044                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        13853551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2225335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    276611257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.625168                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.988234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      247279655     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1798542      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2270118      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3610488      1.31%     92.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1512716      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1946355      0.70%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        2266620      0.82%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1038204      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       14888559      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    276611257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.086851                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.476416                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      221820732                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     21452222                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        29191925                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        13858                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      4132519                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3903206                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          657                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    171996407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         3201                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      4132519                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      222045823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        715720                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     20108031                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        28980715                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       628441                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    170935995                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents        90325                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       438501                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    238753356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    794916705                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    794916705                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    199853727                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       38899629                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        41334                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21516                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2207671                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     16008703                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      8370159                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93764                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1899061                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        166907872                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41481                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       160146131                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       160127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20203249                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41117824                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1507                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276611257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302975                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208753623     75.47%     75.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30946636     11.19%     86.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12657070      4.58%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7093120      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9605281      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2959284      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2908153      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1565187      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       122903      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276611257                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103247     79.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       150558     10.78%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142719     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134917858     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2189435      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19818      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14674053      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8344967      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    160146131                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.542257                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1396524                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008720                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598460170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    187153366                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155984922                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    161542655                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       118723                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      3019488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           49                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          766                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       116373                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      4132519                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        544360                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles        68104                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166949359                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       131014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16008703                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8370159                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21515                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        59360                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           69                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          766                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1378140                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1310131                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2688271                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157362625                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14435758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2783506                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           22779985                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       22255595                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          8344227                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.532832                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            155985322                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           155984922                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        93468168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       251090003                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.528167                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372250                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116269929                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    143271261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23678737                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39974                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      2348081                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272478738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344625                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211839928     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30732466     11.28%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11155373      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5559524      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5086754      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2133073      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2114545      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006774      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2850301      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272478738                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    116269929                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    143271261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             21243001                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            12989215                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             19942                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         20766980                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       128990541                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2958463                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2850301                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          436577629                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         338032531                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3381773                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              18721276                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         116269929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           143271261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    116269929                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.540059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.540059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.393692                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.393692                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      708062667                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     217970952                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     159066906                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        39940                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20266769                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18100138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1615160                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13577083                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13243630                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1216194                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        49016                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214289397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            115098023                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20266769                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     14459824                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25671192                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5292008                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      8685954                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12964652                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1585320                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    252314344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      226643152     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        3915636      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1975312      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        3877011      1.54%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        1240463      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3590946      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         565468      0.22%     95.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7         908839      0.36%     96.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8        9597517      3.80%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    252314344                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.068624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.389723                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      212279438                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     10745095                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25620482                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        20510                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3648815                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1910727                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred        18961                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    128745039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts        35777                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3648815                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      212508258                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       6934119                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      3084272                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        25393093                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       745783                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    128556965                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          249                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents        99947                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       569635                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    168481423                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    582623280                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    582623280                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    136705295                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       31776095                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        17266                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8744                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1723931                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     23202421                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      3762859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       855683                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        127895332                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17330                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       119797193                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77767                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23017597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47108319                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          140                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252314344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.474793                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088098                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199783579     79.18%     79.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16512776      6.54%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17640417      6.99%     92.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10175291      4.03%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5258607      2.08%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1315124      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1562256      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36226      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30068      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252314344                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200565     57.18%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82579     23.54%     80.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67612     19.28%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     93934857     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       938677      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8523      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21184612     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3730524      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    119797193                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.405635                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350756                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492337253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150930560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116759423                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    120147949                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        93022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4721695                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          110                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          309                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86305                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648815                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       6088210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89682                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    127912760                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        17010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23202421                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3762859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43129                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2438                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          309                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1092299                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       619384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1711683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118279577                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20879601                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517616                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  98                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           24609930                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17982216                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          3730329                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.400496                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            116786494                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           116759423                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        70658685                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       153865668                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.395349                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.459223                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93033559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    104734099                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23183822                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17190                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1605028                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248665529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209674948     84.32%     84.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15318857      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9839301      3.96%     94.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3098775      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5141009      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004091      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       635370      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       581820      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3371358      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248665529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     93033559                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    104734099                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             22157270                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            18480716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8576                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16069849                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts        91526320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1308695                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      3371358                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          373211741                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         259487549                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4784433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              43018189                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          93033559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           104734099                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     93033559                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     3.174473                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               3.174473                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.315013                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.315013                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      549811559                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     152131546                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     136753972                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        17174                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       19904976                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17962307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1039551                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7644566                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7136326                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1094423                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46194                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211152607                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            125043371                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          19904976                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      8230749                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            24751653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       3281811                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     29783053                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1295                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           41                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12110586                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1044024                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    267904834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547659                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847368                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      243153181     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         886348      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1816360      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         774070      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        4114948      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3655604      1.36%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         710735      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1471607      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       11321981      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    267904834                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067399                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423399                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      208980125                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     31969666                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        24660591                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        78771                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      2215678                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1746113                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          510                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    146652696                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      2215678                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      209253176                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      29741031                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1289389                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24499674                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       905883                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    146567733                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          575                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       467991                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       296282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents        11497                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    171996052                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    690242335                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    690242335                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    152614869                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       19381177                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        17009                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8589                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2089123                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     34595789                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     17506927                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       850092                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        146287456                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17062                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       140636067                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        92403                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11318453                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27156985                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    267904834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217398571     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15423321      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12472734      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5392600      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6738531      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6386754      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3623394      1.35%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       290212      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178717      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    267904834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        354105     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2702812     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        78931      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88199130     62.71%     62.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1227806      0.87%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8418      0.01%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33750089     24.00%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17450624     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    140636067                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.476196                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3135848                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022298                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552405219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157626619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139425801                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    143771915                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       252720                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1350130                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          540                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3655                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       124003                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12396                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      2215678                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      29023793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       274854                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146304617                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34595789                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17506927                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8590                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170995                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          120                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3655                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       608718                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       611744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1220462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139660875                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33628981                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       975192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  99                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           51077899                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18296597                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         17448918                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472894                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            139429563                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           139425801                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        75304340                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       148586552                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.472098                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506805                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113280186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    133122639                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13198686                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16970                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      1062489                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265689156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217230007     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17828676      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8306818      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8172804      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2261305      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9353520      3.52%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       709720      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       519673      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1306633      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265689156                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    113280186                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    133122639                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             50628583                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            33245659                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              8472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17579466                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       118377900                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1289344                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1306633                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          410703510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         294858536                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               4531779                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              27427699                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         113280186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           133122639                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    113280186                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.607098                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.607098                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383568                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383568                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      690421977                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     161867943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     174603593                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        16944                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 62                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       25633932                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     21343627                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2328405                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9772801                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        9375551                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2758479                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       108206                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    223082192                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            140637912                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          25633932                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12134030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            29312303                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       6473958                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     20087086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5043                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           86                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        13850412                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2226007                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    276611163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624745                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      247298860     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1797943      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        2264165      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3609712      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1516966      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        1942861      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        2267569      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1036233      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       14876854      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    276611163                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.086797                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.476202                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      221775257                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     21525130                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        29173260                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        13712                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      4123803                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3900907                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          650                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    171883420                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         3171                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      4123803                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      221999772                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles        715787                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     20183523                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        28962493                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       625777                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    170825769                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          152                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        90273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       436328                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    238608809                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    794396729                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    794396729                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    199784737                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       38824013                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        41477                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        21666                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         2199855                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     15973240                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      8366122                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        94222                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1893820                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        166784397                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        41625                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       160071423                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       159397                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20124223                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40870454                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1663                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    276611163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578688                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208781941     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     30943254     11.19%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12643953      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7086765      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9603027      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2956146      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2908617      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1564252      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       123208      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    276611163                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1103411     79.14%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead       148185     10.63%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       142679     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    134855319     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2188119      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        19811      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     14667596      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      8340578      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    160071423                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.542004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1394275                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008710                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    598307680                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    186951007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    155911588                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    161465698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       119024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2988501                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           54                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          764                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       115194                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            6                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      4123803                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles        544181                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        69136                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    166826027                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       130316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15973240                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      8366122                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        21665                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        60476                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          764                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1380423                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1305812                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2686235                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    157286826                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     14428919                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2784596                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           22768743                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       22245133                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          8339824                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.532575                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            155912040                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           155911588                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        93404475                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       250898534                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.527919                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.372280                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    116229796                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    143221812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23604852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        39962                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2348309                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    272487360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525609                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344395                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    211872017     77.75%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     30716530     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     11152950      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5558510      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5083897      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2137077      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2110792      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1006569      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2849018      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    272487360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    116229796                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    143221812                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             21235667                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            12984739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             19936                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         20759813                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       128946050                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2957455                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2849018                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          436464200                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         337777172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3378846                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18721370                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         116229796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           143221812                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    116229796                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.540937                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.540937                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.393556                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.393556                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      707740950                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     217868848                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     158995974                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        39928                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       22806994                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18661113                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2233212                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9592398                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8994274                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2359129                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101831                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219881826                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            127469053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          22806994                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11353403                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            26628763                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6070501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     11951573                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13451205                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2234373                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    262271225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      235642462     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1248078      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        1977018      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        2674100      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        2751151      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        2323406      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        1299002      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1930619      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       12425389      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    262271225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077225                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.431612                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      217619493                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     14233988                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        26579480                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        30344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3807917                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3753816                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          383                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    156436247                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1990                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3807917                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      218218146                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       1997970                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     10853306                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        26018123                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles      1375760                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    156375143                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          212                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       204614                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       590185                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    218218009                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    727441037                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    727441037                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    189489403                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       28728576                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        39269                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20641                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         4084375                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     14650508                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7935503                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93296                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1847489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        156182521                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39406                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       148462810                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20443                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17041072                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40602564                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1839                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262271225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258990                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199450274     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25827202      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13094548      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9870646      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7755088      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3129242      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1978399      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1028990      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136836      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262271225                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27864     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90396     36.60%     47.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128757     52.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124867699     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2210697      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18625      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13455545      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7910244      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    148462810                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.502697                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247017                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559464304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173263603                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146227545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    148709827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302873                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2340591                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          126                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          605                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104338                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3807917                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       1662753                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135350                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156222079                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14650508                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7935503                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20644                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114176                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          605                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1302975                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249712                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2552687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146404778                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12661655                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2058031                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           20571589                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       20813878                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7909934                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.495729                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            146227768                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           146227545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        83937827                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       226168580                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.495128                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.371129                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110460337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    135920261                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20301831                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37567                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2261411                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258463308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525878                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202724505     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27613126     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10448367      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4974327      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4185783      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2406573      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2111916      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949761      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3048950      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258463308                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    110460337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    135920261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20141078                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12309913                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             18742                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19599929                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       122462543                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2798916                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      3048950                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          411635696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         316252179                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3333824                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              33061308                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         110460337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           135920261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    110460337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.673652                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.673652                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.374020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.374020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      658954516                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     203697575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     145018527                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        37534                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 26                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19923771                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17978215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1040154                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7534495                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7129612                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1100059                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46091                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    211348060                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            125201149                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19923771                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      8229671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            24771381                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       3281542                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     29785452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12122075                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1044555                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    268120234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547788                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847587                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      243348853     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1         888504      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1807405      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3         770654      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        4117347      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        3671509      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         709259      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1478456      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11328247      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    268120234                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.067462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.423933                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      209185422                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     31961256                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        24679830                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        78888                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      2214835                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      1748824                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          507                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    146802732                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2836                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      2214835                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      209457167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles      29725022                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      1288648                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        24518847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       915712                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    146723717                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents         4700                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       473238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       297333                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        13700                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    172236443                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    691026415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    691026415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    152779886                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       19456557                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        17055                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8625                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2096051                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     34622299                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores     17509923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       160058                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores       851566                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        146442197                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17104                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       140742166                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        80857                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     11333029                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     27276599                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          118                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    268120234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524922                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315520                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    217583158     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15427220      5.75%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12481974      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5394932      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6742097      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6394544      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3627942      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       289494      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       178873      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    268120234                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        355141     11.31%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2706157     86.17%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        79030      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     88281331     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1229565      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8428      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     33755070     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     17467772     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    140742166                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.476555                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3140328                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022313                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    552825751                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    157795960                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139546716                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    143882494                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       253837                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1343831                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3638                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109703                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        12406                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      2214835                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles      29013007                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       274502                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    146459398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1438                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     34622299                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     17509923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8624                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       170466                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          128                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3638                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       605455                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       614377                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      1219832                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139767668                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     33647792                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       974498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                  97                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           51113857                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18316872                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores         17466065                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.473255                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            139550484                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           139546716                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        75394338                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       148838299                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.472507                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.506552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts    113399467                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    133263308                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     13212653                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16986                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1063081                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    265905399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    217399761     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17846655      6.71%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8312396      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8180842      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2262295      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9361310      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       711702      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       520111      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1310327      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    265905399                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts    113399467                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    133263308                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             50678688                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            33278468                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars              8480                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17598232                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       118503085                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      1290842                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      1310327                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          411070695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         295166949                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               4536653                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              27212299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts         113399467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           133263308                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total    113399467                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.604356                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.604356                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.383972                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.383972                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      690983339                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     162026475                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     174809931                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        16960                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22821397                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18672329                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2234733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9604867                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8998241                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2361320                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       102078                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    220046833                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            127552647                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22821397                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     11359561                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            26646374                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       6073406                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles     11849914                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.MiscStallCycles          716                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        13461044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2235988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    262353517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931800                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      235707143     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1249871      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1976420      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        2675546      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        2752842      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        2326943      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1299001      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1934269      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12431482      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    262353517                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.431895                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      217783477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     14133241                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        26597170                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        30341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3809285                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3756712                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          385                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    156540530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3809285                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      218381866                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       1989994                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles     10760930                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        26036171                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles      1375268                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    156479504                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          203                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       204414                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       590050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    218370085                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    727931867                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    727931867                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    189625718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28744343                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        39247                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20605                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         4082214                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     14661684                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7940923                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93394                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1847829                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        156286677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39383                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       148562220                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20532                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17047864                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40636510                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1791                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262353517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566267                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199488739     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25846029      9.85%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13102323      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9880028      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7759225      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3131985      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1978546      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1029776      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       136866      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262353517                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27795     11.25%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90468     36.61%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128873     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124949229     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2212596      1.49%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18638      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13466296      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7915461      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    148562220                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.503034                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559745625                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173374520                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146324433                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    148809356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       301293                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2342881                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          597                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104118                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3809285                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1654593                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135372                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156326212                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57751                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14661684                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7940923                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20609                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114133                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          597                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1303933                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1249981                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2553914                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146502503                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12671160                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2059717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           20586317                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       20828381                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7915157                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.496059                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            146324650                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           146324433                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        83997995                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       226321475                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.495457                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371145                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110539794                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    136018110                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20308100                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37591                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2262952                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258544232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202764078     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27634154     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10454890      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4979883      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4187812      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2409116      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2112634      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       951425      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3050240      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258544232                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    110539794                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    136018110                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             20155595                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            12318798                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             18754                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         19614047                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       122550728                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2800943                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      3050240                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          411819448                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         316461794                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3336299                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              32979016                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         110539794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           136018110                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    110539794                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.671730                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.671730                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.374289                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.374289                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      659393864                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     203835312                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     145113946                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        37558                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 58                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       22813186                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18665921                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2234263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9600831                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8994675                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2360626                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       101879                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    219959626                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            127508619                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          22813186                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     11355301                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            26636699                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       6074253                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     11978625                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles          752                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        13455775                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2235429                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    262386716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.596857                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      235750017     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        1248968      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1976277      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        2674973      1.02%     92.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2750248      1.05%     93.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        2325236      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6        1301310      0.50%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1931600      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12428087      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    262386716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.077246                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.431746                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      217697696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     14260788                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        26587279                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        30332                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3810618                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3755118                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          386                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    156484789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1998                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3810618                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      218295636                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       1990606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     10888999                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        26026762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles      1374092                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    156423498                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       204494                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       589418                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    218289556                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    727668504                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    727668504                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    189528193                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28761360                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        39229                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20594                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         4078147                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     14656393                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7937287                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        93177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1843896                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        156230153                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39366                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       148501965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        20491                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17059538                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40650394                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1791                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    262386716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.565966                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.258937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199551078     76.05%     76.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     25832617      9.85%     85.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     13096814      4.99%     90.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9874367      3.76%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7755712      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3132112      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1976430      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1030057      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       137529      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    262386716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27768     11.24%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        90412     36.60%     47.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       128821     52.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    124899496     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2211368      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18629      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13460633      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7911839      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    148501965                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.502830                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            247001                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001663                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    559658138                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    173329647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    146264437                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    148748966                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       302545                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2343957                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          106                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          591                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       104520                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3810618                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       1656344                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       135259                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    156269673                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57717                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14656393                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7937287                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20600                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       114057                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          591                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1302720                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1250210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2552930                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    146442469                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12666058                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2059496                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 154                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           20577594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       20818512                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7911536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.495856                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            146264663                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           146264437                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        83960804                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       226222389                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.495253                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.371143                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110482918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    135948039                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20321659                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        37575                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2262468                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    258576098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202824508     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27619829     10.68%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10450583      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4975637      1.92%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4186305      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2407679      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2113037      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       949864      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3048656      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    258576098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts    110482918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    135948039                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             20145201                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            12312434                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             18746                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         19603910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       122487598                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2799488                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      3048656                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          411796386                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         316350079                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3334575                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              32945817                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts         110482918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           135948039                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total    110482918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.673106                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.673106                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.374097                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.374097                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      659125182                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     203751766                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     145062735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        37542                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 27                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              295332533                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       20301734                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18130930                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1617437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     13600261                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits       13267436                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1217200                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        48863                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    214602650                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            115288028                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          20301734                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     14484636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25712536                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5301565                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8525324                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12984287                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1587537                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    252515576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      226803040     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        3922439      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1977158      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3882485      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1243869      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        3596290      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6         566057      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         912048      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8        9612190      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    252515576                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.068742                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.390367                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      212588710                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     10588486                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25661610                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        20702                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3656064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      1914794                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred        18977                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    128955333                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts        35876                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3656064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      212818076                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       6827272                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      3033207                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        25433889                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       747064                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    128766119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          261                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       100915                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       569999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    168752393                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    583557631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    583557631                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    136915682                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       31836702                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        17281                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8747                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1726883                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     23241963                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      3767857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        24506                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores       856128                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        128102625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17344                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       119982435                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77668                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     23062995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     47214079                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          126                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    252515576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199904179     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     16536488      6.55%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     17667756      7.00%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10193287      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5265019      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1319236      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1563058      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        36454      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        30099      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    252515576                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        200438     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        82761     23.59%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        67697     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     94079731     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       939961      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8535      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     21218195     17.68%     96.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3736013      3.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    119982435                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.406262                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            350896                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002925                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    492909010                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    151183279                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    116942665                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120333331                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        94549                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4731084                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          128                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          321                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        86113                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3656064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       5981440                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        89638                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    128120061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        15534                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     23241963                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3767857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8743                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        43008                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2461                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          321                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1093673                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       620082                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      1713755                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118464715                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     20913869                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1517720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                  92                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           24649678                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       18012101                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          3735809                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.401123                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            116969645                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           116942665                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        70770208                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       154092136                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.395969                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.459272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     93179174                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    104896275                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     23228988                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        17218                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1607300                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    248859512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289178                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    209810593     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15341448      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9854823      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      3100823      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      5150373      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1004960      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       636598      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       582320      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3377574      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    248859512                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     93179174                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    104896275                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             22192623                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            18510879                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars              8590                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         16094945                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        91667451                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      1310546                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      3377574                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          373606850                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         259909456                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               4792178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              42816957                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          93179174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           104896275                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     93179174                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.169512                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.169512                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.315506                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.315506                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      550672459                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     152367252                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     136979861                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        17202                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        32388                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.587608                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         167880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        34436                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         4.875131                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          12.093113                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.441712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1667.581002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         364.471781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005905                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.814249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.177965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 40630                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8477                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                8477                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 106                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40735                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  40736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40735                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 40736                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               32345                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32340                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                32378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32340                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               32378                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56921970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30167626337                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30224548307                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     27721773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     27721773                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56921970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30195348110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    30252270080                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56921970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  30195348110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   30252270080                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72936                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72975                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8477                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total            8477                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             139                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              73114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        73075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             73114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442950                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.237410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442843                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442843                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497946.578947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933779.872381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934442.674509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 840053.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 840053.727273                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497946.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933684.233457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934346.472296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1497946.578947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 933684.233457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934346.472296                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               4839                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    4839                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           32378                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        32340                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          32378                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53585570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27330535577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27384121147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     24822732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     24822732                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53585570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27355358309                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27408943879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53585570                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  27355358309                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27408943879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442950                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.237410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442559                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442843                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.442559                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442843                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1410146.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845963.276596                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846626.098222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       752204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       752204                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1410146.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845867.603865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846529.862221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1410146.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 845867.603865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 846529.862221                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        32358                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.588031                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         167822                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        34406                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         4.877696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.419869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     3.541419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1667.511084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         365.115658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.001729                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.814214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.178279                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40585                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 40586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8463                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8463                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 105                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  40691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        40690                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 40691                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32278                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               32316                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                33                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32311                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                32349                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32311                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               32349                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61662277                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30113627303                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   30175289580                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     31043499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     31043499                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61662277                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30144670802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    30206333079                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     61662277                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  30144670802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   30206333079                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        72863                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             72902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8463                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8463                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             138                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              73040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        73001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             73040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442996                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.443280                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.239130                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.442894                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.442894                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1622691.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 932945.885836                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 933756.949499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 940712.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 940712.090909                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1622691.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 932953.817647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 933764.044607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1622691.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 932953.817647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 933764.044607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4843                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4843                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          32316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32311                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           32349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        32311                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          32349                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58325877                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27278801483                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27337127360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     28145668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     28145668                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58325877                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27306947151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27365273028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     58325877                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  27306947151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27365273028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442996                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.443280                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.239130                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442894                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.442610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442894                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1534891.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845120.561466                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845931.654908                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 852899.030303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 852899.030303                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1534891.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845128.505803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845938.762497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1534891.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 845128.505803                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 845938.762497                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        20147                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.836709                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         161647                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        22195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.283037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.691880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.141752                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1678.639813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         338.363265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.819648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.165216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 38011                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6828                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6828                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38086                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  38087                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        38086                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 38087                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               20146                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                20146                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               20146                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15859767531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15927224359                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15859767531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15927224359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67456828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15859767531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15927224359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             58157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6828                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6828                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              58233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        58199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             58233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346042                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788533.164172                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 790589.911595                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788533.164172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 790589.911595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2044146.303030                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 788533.164172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 790589.911595                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2712                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20146                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           20146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          20146                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14093543405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14158101985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14093543405                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14158101985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     64558580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14093543405                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14158101985                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.346042                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346407                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.345590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700718.112912                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702774.842897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700718.112912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702774.842897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1956320.606061                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 700718.112912                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 702774.842897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        13311                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.460095                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         196562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        15359                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        12.797838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.961737                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.858708                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1532.305360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         483.334290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.748196                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.236003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999736                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 31737                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10216                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               10216                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31903                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  31905                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        31903                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 31905                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13265                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               13306                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13265                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                13306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13265                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               13306                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72067211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10829608853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10901676064                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72067211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10829608853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10901676064                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72067211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10829608853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10901676064                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        45000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             45043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10216                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           10216                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             168                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        45168                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              45211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        45168                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             45211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295407                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293681                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293681                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1757736.853659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816404.738259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819305.280625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1757736.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816404.738259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819305.280625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1757736.853659                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 816404.738259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819305.280625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5851                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5851                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13264                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13264                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           13305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        13264                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          13305                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68464977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9663201587                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9731666564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68464977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9663201587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9731666564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68464977                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9663201587                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9731666564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294756                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293659                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293659                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1669877.487805                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728528.467054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731429.279519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1669877.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728528.467054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731429.279519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1669877.487805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 728528.467054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731429.279519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                         9507                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.225848                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         219144                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        11555                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        18.965296                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.081164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.109487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1412.108201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         591.926997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002495                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.689506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.289027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31234                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 31236                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9731                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9731                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 235                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  31471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        31469                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 31471                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                9506                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                 9506                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                9506                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7664068173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7757935236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7664068173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total     7757935236                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     93867063                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   7664068173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total    7757935236                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             40742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9731                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9731                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             235                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              40977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        40938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             40977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232636                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233322                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809385.169817                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 816109.324216                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809385.169817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 816109.324216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2536947.648649                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 809385.169817                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 816109.324216                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5001                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5001                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9506                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total            9506                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data         9469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total           9506                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6832616043                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6923231692                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6832616043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6923231692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     90615649                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   6832616043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6923231692                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.232636                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231984                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.948718                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.231301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231984                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721577.362235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728301.250999                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721577.362235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728301.250999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2449071.594595                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 721577.362235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728301.250999                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                         9506                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.220076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         219102                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        11554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        18.963303                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.072179                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.247064                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1412.228626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         591.672207                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.689565                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.288902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 31207                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                9718                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  31444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        31442                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 31444                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                9505                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                 9505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                9505                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101332343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7671855926                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7773188269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101332343                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7671855926                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     7773188269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101332343                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   7671855926                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    7773188269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             40712                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            9718                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40911                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              40949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        40911                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             40949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232802                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233469                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231454                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231454                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2814787.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 810207.617066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 817799.923093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2814787.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 810207.617066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 817799.923093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2814787.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 810207.617066                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 817799.923093                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5002                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5002                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9505                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total            9505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data         9469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total           9505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98171543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6840352918                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6938524461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98171543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6840352918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6938524461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     98171543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   6840352918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6938524461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.232802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231454                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.231454                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2726987.305556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 722394.436371                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729986.792320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2726987.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 722394.436371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729986.792320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2726987.305556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 722394.436371                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 729986.792320                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        20115                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.843567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         161509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        22163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.287326                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.696630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.083563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1678.599104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         338.464271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.819628                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.165266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37901                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 37902                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6799                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  37977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        37976                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 37977                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               20114                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                20114                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               20114                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71098613                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16066850135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16137948748                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71098613                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16066850135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    16137948748                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71098613                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  16066850135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   16137948748                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        57982                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             58016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6799                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        58057                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              58091                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        58057                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             58091                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346697                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345884                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.346250                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345884                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.346250                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2154503.424242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 800102.093272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 802324.189520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2154503.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 800102.093272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 802324.189520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2154503.424242                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 800102.093272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 802324.189520                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2709                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2709                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20114                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           20114                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        20081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          20114                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68201213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14303150157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14371351370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68201213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14303150157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14371351370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68201213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  14303150157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14371351370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.346332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345884                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346250                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345884                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346250                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2066703.424242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 712272.802998                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714494.947300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2066703.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 712272.802998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714494.947300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2066703.424242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 712272.802998                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 714494.947300                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                         9504                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.216499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         219118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        11552                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        18.967971                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.069244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.968904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1412.204940                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         591.973410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.002426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.689553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.289050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31215                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 31217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9724                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                9724                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 238                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  31455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        31453                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 31455                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                9503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                 9503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                9503                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7656305720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7750677979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7656305720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total     7750677979                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94372259                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7656305720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total    7750677979                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             40720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9724                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total            9724                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             238                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              40958                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        40921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             40958                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808650.794254                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815603.280964                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808650.794254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815603.280964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2696350.257143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 808650.794254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815603.280964                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5001                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5001                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total            9503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data         9468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total           9503                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91299259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6824934966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6916234225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91299259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6824934966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6916234225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     91299259                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   6824934966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6916234225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.232726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232018                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.945946                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.231373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232018                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608550.257143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720842.307351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727794.825318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608550.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720842.307351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727794.825318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2608550.257143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 720842.307351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727794.825318                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        20122                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.830233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         161589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        22170                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                         7.288633                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.692536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     2.137578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1679.501489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         337.498630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.001044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.820069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.164794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        37963                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 37964                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6817                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                6817                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                  76                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  38040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        38039                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 38040                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               20121                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                20121                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               20121                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55575909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15913426217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15969002126                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55575909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15913426217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    15969002126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55575909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  15913426217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   15969002126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             58085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6817                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            6817                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total              76                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58126                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              58161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        58126                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             58161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346029                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345577                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345953                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345577                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345953                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1634585.558824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 792225.131528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 793648.532677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1634585.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 792225.131528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 793648.532677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1634585.558824                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 792225.131528                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 793648.532677                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    2713                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           20121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        20087                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          20121                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52590709                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14149379980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14201970689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52590709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14149379980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14201970689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     52590709                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  14149379980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14201970689                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.346029                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345577                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345953                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.345577                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345953                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1546785.558824                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 704404.837955                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705828.273396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1546785.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 704404.837955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705828.273396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1546785.558824                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 704404.837955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 705828.273396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        37977                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.934930                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         207413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        40025                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.182086                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.759587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.997582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1820.797975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         221.379786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000975                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.889062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.108096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44905                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 44906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14271                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               14271                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44935                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  44936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        44935                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 44936                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37884                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               37927                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                50                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                37977                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37934                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               37977                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89901544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36370622835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36460524379                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     77004817                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     77004817                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89901544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36447627652                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    36537529196                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     89901544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  36447627652                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   36537529196                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82789                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             82833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14271                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           14271                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              80                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82869                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              82913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        82869                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             82913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457597                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457873                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.625000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.458034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.458034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2090733.581395                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960052.339642                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 961334.257363                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1540096.340000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1540096.340000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2090733.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960816.883324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962096.247624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2090733.581395                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 960816.883324                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962096.247624                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5955                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5955                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37884                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           37977                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        37934                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          37977                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86116394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33042330279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33128446673                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     72612477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72612477                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86116394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33114942756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33201059150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     86116394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  33114942756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33201059150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457597                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457873                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.457759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.458034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2002706.837209                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872197.504989                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873479.227806                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1452249.540000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1452249.540000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2002706.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872962.059261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874241.228902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2002706.837209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 872962.059261                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 874241.228902                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                         9501                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.219451                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         219158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        11549                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        18.976362                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.071232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.248964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1412.158782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         591.740473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018589                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.689531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.288936                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31247                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 31249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9732                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 237                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  31486                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        31484                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 31486                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                9500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                 9500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                9500                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95649287                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7701704696                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7797353983                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95649287                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7701704696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total     7797353983                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     95649287                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   7701704696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total    7797353983                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             40749                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9732                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             237                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              40986                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             40986                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232468                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.231786                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.231786                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2656924.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813789.591716                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820774.103474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2656924.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813789.591716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820774.103474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2656924.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 813789.591716                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820774.103474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               4997                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    4997                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total            9500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         9464                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total           9500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92488347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6870664771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6963153118                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92488347                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6870664771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6963153118                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     92488347                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   6870664771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6963153118                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.232468                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233135                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231786                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.947368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.231122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.231786                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2569120.750000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725978.948753                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732963.486105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2569120.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725978.948753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732963.486105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2569120.750000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 725978.948753                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732963.486105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        13308                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.473769                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         196548                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        15356                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        12.799427                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.972995                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.765077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1533.420712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         482.314985                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.748741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.235505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 31729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               10210                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31893                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  31895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        31893                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 31895                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13262                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               13303                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                13303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13262                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               13303                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76934579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10954871297                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   11031805876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76934579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10954871297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    11031805876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     76934579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  10954871297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   11031805876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        44989                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             45032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           10210                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        45155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              45198                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        45155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             45198                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294783                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295412                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293699                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294327                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293699                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294327                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1876453.146341                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826034.632559                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 829272.034579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1876453.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826034.632559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 829272.034579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1876453.146341                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 826034.632559                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 829272.034579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               5848                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    5848                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13261                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           13302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        13261                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          13302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73334029                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9790037758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9863371787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73334029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9790037758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9863371787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     73334029                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9790037758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9863371787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.294761                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295390                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293677                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294305                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.293677                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294305                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1788634.853659                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 738257.880854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741495.398211                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1788634.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 738257.880854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741495.398211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1788634.853659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 738257.880854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 741495.398211                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        37966                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.934737                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         207526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        40014                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                         5.186335                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.770408                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     1.870986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1821.423019                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         220.870325                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001841                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000914                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.889367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.107847                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999968                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44966                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 44967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          14319                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               14319                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                  33                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  45000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        44999                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 45000                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               37920                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                46                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37926                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                37966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37926                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               37966                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81241986                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  36200127756                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   36281369742                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     65109185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65109185                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81241986                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  36265236941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    36346478927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81241986                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  36265236941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   36346478927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             82887                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14319                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           14319                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total              79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              82966                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        82925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             82966                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.457234                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.457490                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.582278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.582278                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.457353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.457609                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.457353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.457609                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2031049.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 955652.791869                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 956787.176741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1415417.065217                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1415417.065217                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2031049.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 956210.434557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 957342.857478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2031049.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 956210.434557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 957342.857478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5954                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5954                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          37920                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           37966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        37926                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          37966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77729679                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32873500018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32951229697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     61069386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61069386                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77729679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32934569404                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33012299083                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77729679                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  32934569404                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33012299083                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.457234                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.582278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.582278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.457353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457609                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.975610                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.457353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.457609                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1943241.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 867832.629831                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868967.027874                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 1327595.347826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1327595.347826                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1943241.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 868390.270632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869522.706711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1943241.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 868390.270632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 869522.706711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        13322                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.472434                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         196580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        15370                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        12.789850                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.970366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     4.776590                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1533.567560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         482.157917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.002332                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.748812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.235429                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 31751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10220                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total               10220                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31915                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  31917                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        31915                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 31917                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13277                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               13318                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                13318                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13277                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               13318                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77270977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10864138785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10941409762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77270977                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10864138785                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    10941409762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77270977                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  10864138785                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   10941409762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        45026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             45069                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10220                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total           10220                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        45192                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              45235                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        45192                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             45235                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294874                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294418                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294418                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1884657.975610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 818267.589440                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 821550.515243                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1884657.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 818267.589440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 821550.515243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1884657.975610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 818267.589440                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 821550.515243                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               5857                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    5857                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13276                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           13317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        13276                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          13317                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73671177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9698168007                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9771839184                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73671177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9698168007                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9771839184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     73671177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9698168007                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9771839184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.294852                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295480                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.293769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1796857.975610                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 730503.766722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733786.827664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1796857.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 730503.766722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733786.827664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1796857.975610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 730503.766722                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 733786.827664                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        13309                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.467868                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         196557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        15357                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        12.799180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.969618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     4.779987                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1533.380312                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         482.337951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.002334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.748721                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.235517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999740                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31734                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 31736                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          10212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               10212                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 166                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31900                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  31902                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        31900                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 31902                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               13304                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                13304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13263                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               13304                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76189632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10906248921                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10982438553                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76189632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10906248921                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    10982438553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76189632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  10906248921                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   10982438553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        44997                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             45040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        10212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           10212                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             166                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        45163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              45206                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        45163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             45206                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294753                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293670                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293670                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1858283.707317                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 822306.334992                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 825498.989251                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1858283.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 822306.334992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 825498.989251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1858283.707317                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 822306.334992                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 825498.989251                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               5847                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    5847                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13262                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          13303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           13303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        13262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          13303                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72588980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9741369137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9813958117                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72588980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9741369137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9813958117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     72588980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   9741369137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9813958117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.294731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295360                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.293647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1770462.926829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734532.433796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737725.183568                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1770462.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734532.433796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737725.183568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1770462.926829                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 734532.433796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 737725.183568                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        20148                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.834559                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         161690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        22196                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         7.284646                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.689466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     2.120313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1681.219818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         335.804962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.001035                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.820908                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.163967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 38050                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6832                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                6832                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  77                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38126                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  38127                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        38126                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 38127                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               20147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                20147                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               20147                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63194849                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15767702683                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15830897532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63194849                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15767702683                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    15830897532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63194849                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  15767702683                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   15830897532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58162                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             58197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6832                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            6832                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total              77                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              58274                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        58239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             58274                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345810                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345729                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345729                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858672.029412                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783955.783971                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785769.470988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858672.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783955.783971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785769.470988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1858672.029412                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 783955.783971                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785769.470988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               2715                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    2715                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          20147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           20147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        20113                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          20147                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60209549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14001532485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14061742034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60209549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14001532485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14061742034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     60209549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  14001532485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14061742034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345729                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.345353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345729                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1770869.088235                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696143.413961                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697957.116891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1770869.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696143.413961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697957.116891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1770869.088235                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 696143.413961                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697957.116891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              527.821999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012392930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1913786.257089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    37.821999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.060612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845869                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12384881                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12384881                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12384881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12384881                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90163194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     90163194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90163194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     90163194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     90163194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     90163194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12384942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12384942                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12384942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12384942                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478085.147541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1478085.147541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1478085.147541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57324014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57324014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     57324014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57324014                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1469846.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469846.512821                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1469846.512821                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                73075                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              180704520                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73331                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              2464.230953                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   234.178551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    21.821449                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.914760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.085240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8581548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8581548                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7108525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7108525                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        20357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20357                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15690073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15690073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15690073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       189801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       189801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          976                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       190777                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       190777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       190777                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83608842975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83608842975                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    355256017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    355256017                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83964098992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  83964098992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  83964098992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  83964098992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8771349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8771349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7109501                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        20357                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20357                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16588                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15880850                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15880850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15880850                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021639                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000137                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012013                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012013                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440507.916054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440507.916054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 363991.820697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363991.820697                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440116.465779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440116.465779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 440116.465779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440116.465779                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       156180                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156180                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            8477                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       116865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          837                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       117702                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       117702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       117702                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          139                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        73075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33104322882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33104322882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     34850129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34850129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33139173011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33139173011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  33139173011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33139173011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008315                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453881.798865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453881.798865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 250720.352518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 250720.352518                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453495.354239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453495.354239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 453495.354239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453495.354239                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              527.083045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1012388865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1913778.572779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    37.083045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.059428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.844684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12380816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12380816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12380816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12380816                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12380816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12380816                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82428908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82428908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82428908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82428908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     82428908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82428908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12380871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12380871                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12380871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12380871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12380871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12380871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1498707.418182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1498707.418182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1498707.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1498707.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1498707.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1498707.418182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62053214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62053214                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62053214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     62053214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62053214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     62053214                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1591108.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1591108.051282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1591108.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1591108.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1591108.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1591108.051282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                73000                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              180691317                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                73256                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              2466.573619                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.164439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    21.835561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.914705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.085295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      8573608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8573608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7103151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7103151                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15676759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       15676759                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     15676759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      15676759                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       190210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1021                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       191231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       191231                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       191231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       191231                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  83848014560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  83848014560                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    416606900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    416606900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  84264621460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84264621460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  84264621460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84264621460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      8763818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8763818                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7104172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7104172                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20482                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15867990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15867990                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     15867990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15867990                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000144                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012051                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440818.119762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440818.119762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 408038.099902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 408038.099902                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440643.104204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440643.104204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 440643.104204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440643.104204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       123740                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       123740                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8463                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       117347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       117347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          883                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       118230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       118230                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       118230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       118230                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        72863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72863                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          138                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        73001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        73001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        73001                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33047124464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  33047124464                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     38111673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38111673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33085236137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  33085236137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  33085236137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  33085236137                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008314                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004601                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453551.520854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453551.520854                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 276171.543478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 276171.543478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453216.204394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453216.204394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 453216.204394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453216.204394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.081731                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              926791321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1652034.440285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.075614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.006117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12972774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12972774                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12972774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12972774                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12972774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12972774                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89982844                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12972821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12972821                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12972821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12972821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12972821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12972821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1914528.595745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67805613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1994282.735294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                58199                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224857406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                58455                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              3846.675323                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.034636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.965364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.789198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.210802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     19076777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19076777                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3660981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3660981                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22737758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       22737758                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     22737758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      22737758                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205246                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       205571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       205571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       205571                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91183049571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91183049571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     28129289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28129289                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91211178860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91211178860                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  91211178860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91211178860                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     19282023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19282023                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3661306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3661306                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8668                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22943329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22943329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     22943329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22943329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010644                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000089                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 444262.249062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 444262.249062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86551.658462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86551.658462                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443696.722106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 443696.722106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 443696.722106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 443696.722106                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6828                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          249                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       147372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147372                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58123                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        58199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58199                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18518934173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18518934173                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4954071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4954071                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18523888244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18523888244                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  18523888244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18523888244                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002537                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318616.282246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318616.282246                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65185.144737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65185.144737                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318285.335556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318285.335556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 318285.335556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 318285.335556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              516.705667                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1007728015                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1945420.878378                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    41.705667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.066836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13464913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13464913                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13464913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       13464913                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     13464913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      13464913                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95157185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95157185                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95157185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95157185                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     95157185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95157185                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13464971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13464971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13464971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     13464971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     13464971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     13464971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1640641.120690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1640641.120690                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1640641.120690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1640641.120690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1640641.120690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1640641.120690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72539429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72539429                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72539429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72539429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72539429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72539429                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1686963.465116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686963.465116                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1686963.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686963.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1686963.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1686963.465116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                45168                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167325697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                45424                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3683.640741                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.631411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.368589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      9265895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9265895                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7797672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7797672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        20473                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20473                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        18774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18774                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17063567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       17063567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     17063567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      17063567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       144479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          992                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       145471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       145471                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       145471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       145471                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  48751396962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48751396962                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83726748                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83726748                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  48835123710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48835123710                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  48835123710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48835123710                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      9410374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9410374                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7798664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7798664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        20473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20473                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        18774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18774                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17209038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17209038                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     17209038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17209038                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008453                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337428.947889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337428.947889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84401.963710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84401.963710                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335703.499048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335703.499048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 335703.499048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335703.499048                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           10216                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        99479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          824                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       100303                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100303                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        45000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        45168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        45168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13008738162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13008738162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10841269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10841269                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13019579431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13019579431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13019579431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13019579431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 289083.070267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289083.070267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64531.363095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64531.363095                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288247.862004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288247.862004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 288247.862004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288247.862004                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              492.493249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011216992                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  494                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             2046997.959514                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    37.493249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.060085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.789252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13854472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13854472                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13854472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       13854472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     13854472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      13854472                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    144423362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144423362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13854523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13854523                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13854523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     13854523                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     13854523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     13854523                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2831830.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682578.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     94308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94308891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2418176.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                40938                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              165668905                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                41194                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4021.675608                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.333466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.666534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data     11053134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11053134                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8211059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8211059                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        21406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21406                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19264193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       19264193                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     19264193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      19264193                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       105516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105516                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2391                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       107907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       107907                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       107907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       107907                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23475061174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23475061174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    154249619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    154249619                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23629310793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23629310793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  23629310793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23629310793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     11158650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11158650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8213450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8213450                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        21406                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21406                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19372100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19372100                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     19372100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19372100                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009456                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005570                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 222478.687346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222478.687346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64512.596821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64512.596821                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218978.479552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218978.479552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 218978.479552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218978.479552                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           24                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9731                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        64813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2156                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        66969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        66969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66969                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          235                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        40938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40938                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9774003172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9774003172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     17098949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17098949                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9791102121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9791102121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9791102121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9791102121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003648                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002113                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 240129.798098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240129.798098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 72761.485106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72761.485106                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239169.039059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239169.039059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 239169.039059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239169.039059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              491.485935                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1011217302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             2051150.713996                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.485935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.058471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13854782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13854782                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13854782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       13854782                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     13854782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      13854782                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158416193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    158416193                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158416193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    158416193                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    158416193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    158416193                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13854833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13854833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13854833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     13854833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     13854833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     13854833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3106199.862745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3106199.862745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3106199.862745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3106199.862745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3106199.862745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3106199.862745                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2727839                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 909279.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101761855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    101761855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101761855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    101761855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    101761855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    101761855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2677943.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677943.552632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2677943.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677943.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2677943.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2677943.552632                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                40911                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              165666321                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                41167                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4024.250516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.335224                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.664776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.911466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.088534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     11051555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11051555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8210124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8210124                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        21338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21338                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19261679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       19261679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     19261679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      19261679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       105272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       107695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       107695                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       107695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       107695                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23444771689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23444771689                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    155920940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    155920940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23600692629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23600692629                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23600692629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23600692629                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     11156827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11156827                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8212547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8212547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        21338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21338                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19968                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19369374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19369374                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     19369374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19369374                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009436                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005560                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 222706.623689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222706.623689                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64350.367313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64350.367313                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219143.810103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219143.810103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219143.810103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219143.810103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20658                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        10329                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            9718                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        64598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        66784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        66784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40674                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40911                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        40911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40911                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9779964119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9779964119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     17284061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17284061                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9797248180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9797248180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9797248180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9797248180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 240447.561563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240447.561563                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 72928.527426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72928.527426                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239477.113246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239477.113246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 239477.113246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239477.113246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              559.391739                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              926766423                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1651990.058824                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.385610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.006129                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.842959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12947876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12947876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12947876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12947876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12947876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12947876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100110285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    100110285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100110285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    100110285                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    100110285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    100110285                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12947926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12947926                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12947926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12947926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12947926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12947926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2002205.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2002205.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2002205.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2002205.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2002205.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2002205.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       919730                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71440339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71440339                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71440339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71440339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     71440339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71440339                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2101186.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101186.441176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2101186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2101186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2101186.441176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                58057                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224816613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                58313                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              3855.342942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   202.022649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    53.977351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.789151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.210849                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     19044099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19044099                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3652905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3652905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8650                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     22697004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       22697004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     22697004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      22697004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       204899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       204899                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          321                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       205220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       205220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       205220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  92754940593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92754940593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27654087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27654087                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  92782594680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  92782594680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  92782594680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  92782594680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     19248998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19248998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3653226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3653226                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8650                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8650                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8572                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     22902224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22902224                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     22902224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22902224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010645                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008961                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008961                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452686.155584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 452686.155584                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 86149.803738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86149.803738                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452112.828574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 452112.828574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 452112.828574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 452112.828574                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6799                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       146917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       146917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          246                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       147163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       147163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147163                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        57982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        57982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        58057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        58057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58057                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18718565090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18718565090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4861066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4861066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18723426156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18723426156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  18723426156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18723426156                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322834.070746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322834.070746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 64814.213333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64814.213333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322500.751951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322500.751951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 322500.751951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 322500.751951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              490.640543                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1011216020                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  492                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             2055317.113821                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.640543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.057116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.786283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13853500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13853500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13853500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       13853500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     13853500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      13853500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    144796174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144796174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13853549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13853549                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13853549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     13853549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     13853549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     13853549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2955023.959184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2732231                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 683057.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     94792349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94792349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2561955.378378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                40921                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              165669265                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                41177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              4023.344707                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   233.334195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    22.665805                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.911462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.088538                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     11053781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11053781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8210982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8210982                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        21196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21196                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19264763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       19264763                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     19264763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      19264763                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       105435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105435                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2458                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       107893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       107893                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       107893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       107893                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23420624606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23420624606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    157488871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    157488871                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23578113477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23578113477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  23578113477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23578113477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     11159216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11159216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8213440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8213440                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        21196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21196                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19970                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19372656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19372656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     19372656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19372656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005569                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 222133.301143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 222133.301143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 64071.957282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64071.957282                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218532.374454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218532.374454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 218532.374454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218532.374454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           13                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            9724                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        64752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2220                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        66972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data        66972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40921                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        40921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40921                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9764934822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9764934822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     17383764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17383764                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9782318586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9782318586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   9782318586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9782318586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003646                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 240024.944621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240024.944621                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 73041.025210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73041.025210                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239053.752010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239053.752010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 239053.752010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239053.752010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              559.117762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              926783148                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1649080.334520                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    33.987448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   525.130314                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.054467                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.841555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12964601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12964601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12964601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12964601                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12964601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12964601                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78756793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     78756793                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78756793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     78756793                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     78756793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     78756793                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12964652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12964652                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12964652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12964652                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12964652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12964652                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1544250.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1544250.843137                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1544250.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1544250.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1544250.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1544250.843137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55953528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55953528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55953528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55953528                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     55953528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55953528                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1598672.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598672.228571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1598672.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598672.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1598672.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598672.228571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                58126                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              224847407                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                58382                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3851.313881                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   202.042601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    53.957399                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.789229                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.210771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     19068909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19068909                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      3658860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3658860                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     22727769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       22727769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     22727769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      22727769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       205238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205238                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          329                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       205567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       205567                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       205567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       205567                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  91843685570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  91843685570                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     28360126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28360126                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  91872045696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  91872045696                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  91872045696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  91872045696                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     19274147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19274147                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      3659189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3659189                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8587                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     22933336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22933336                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     22933336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22933336                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.010648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010648                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000090                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008964                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008964                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 447498.443612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 447498.443612                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 86200.990881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86200.990881                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446920.204585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446920.204585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 446920.204585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446920.204585                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            6817                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          253                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147441                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       147441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147441                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           76                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        58126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18569784602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18569784602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      4934610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4934610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18574719212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18574719212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  18574719212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18574719212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003012                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002535                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319892.930267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319892.930267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64929.078947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64929.078947                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319559.563913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319559.563913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 319559.563913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319559.563913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              582.418546                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1037051849                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1766698.209540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    41.302519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.116026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.066190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.933363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12110523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12110523                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12110523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12110523                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12110523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12110523                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    122297739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    122297739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    122297739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    122297739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    122297739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    122297739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12110584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12110584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12110584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12110584                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12110584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12110584                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004880.967213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2004880.967213                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004880.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2004880.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2004880.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2004880.967213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       570389                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 285194.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90325387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     90325387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90325387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     90325387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     90325387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     90325387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2052849.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2052849.704545                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2052849.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2052849.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2052849.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2052849.704545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                82868                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              448644295                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                83124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5397.289531                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.913830                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.086170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     31723871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31723871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     17365410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17365410                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49089281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       49089281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     49089281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      49089281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       303653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       303653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          325                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       303978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       303978                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       303978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       303978                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150393208980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 150393208980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    303821415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    303821415                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150697030395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150697030395                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 150697030395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150697030395                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     32027524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32027524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     17365735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17365735                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8493                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8472                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49393259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49393259                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     49393259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49393259                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009481                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006154                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006154                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495279.839093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495279.839093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 934835.123077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934835.123077                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495749.792403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 495749.792403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 495749.792403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 495749.792403                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638573                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638573                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           14271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       220864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       220864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       221109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221109                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           80                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        82869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39751407720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39751407720                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     79420785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79420785                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39830828505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39830828505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  39830828505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39830828505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 480153.253693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480153.253693                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 992759.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992759.812500                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 480648.113348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480648.113348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 480648.113348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480648.113348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              491.485362                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011212880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             2051141.744422                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    36.485362                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.058470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13850360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13850360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13850360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       13850360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     13850360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      13850360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146898456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146898456                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146898456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146898456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    146898456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146898456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13850410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13850410                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13850410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     13850410                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     13850410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     13850410                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2937969.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2937969.120000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2937969.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2937969.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2937969.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2937969.120000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2730195                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 682548.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96077585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96077585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96077585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96077585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     96077585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96077585                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2528357.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2528357.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2528357.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2528357.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2528357.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2528357.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                40948                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165660474                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                41204                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4020.494952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.333283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.666717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     11047653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      11047653                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8208172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      8208172                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        21349                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        21349                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19255825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       19255825                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     19255825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      19255825                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       105362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       105362                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2423                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       107785                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       107785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       107785                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23556054399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23556054399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    155886118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    155886118                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23711940517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  23711940517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  23711940517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  23711940517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     11153015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11153015                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8210595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8210595                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        21349                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21349                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19964                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19363610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     19363610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     19363610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     19363610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009447                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000295                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 223572.582136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223572.582136                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64335.995873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64335.995873                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219992.953723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219992.953723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 219992.953723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219992.953723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        20562                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        20562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        64651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2186                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        66837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        66837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        66837                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        40711                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          237                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        40948                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        40948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        40948                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9812529077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9812529077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     17278860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17278860                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9829807937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9829807937                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9829807937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9829807937                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003650                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 241028.937560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241028.937560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 72906.582278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72906.582278                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240055.874206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240055.874206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 240055.874206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240055.874206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              517.050043                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1007714244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1945394.293436                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    42.050043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.067388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13451142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13451142                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13451142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13451142                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13451142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13451142                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97583859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97583859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97583859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97583859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97583859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97583859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13451204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13451204                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13451204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13451204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13451204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13451204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1573933.209677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1573933.209677                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1573933.209677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77434285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77434285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77434285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77434285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     77434285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77434285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1800797.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800797.325581                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1800797.325581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                45155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167313087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                45411                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3684.417586                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.637640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.362360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      9256798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9256798                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7794141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7794141                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20498                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        18767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18767                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17050939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       17050939                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     17050939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      17050939                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       144574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       145552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       145552                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       145552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       145552                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  49214238150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  49214238150                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     82560810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82560810                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  49296798960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49296798960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  49296798960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49296798960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      9401372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9401372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7795119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7795119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20498                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        18767                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18767                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17196491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17196491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     17196491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17196491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.015378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015378                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008464                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340408.636062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 340408.636062                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 84418.006135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84418.006135                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338688.571507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338688.571507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 338688.571507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338688.571507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           10210                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       100397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100397                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       100397                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100397                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        44989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44989                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        45155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        45155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13133470281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13133470281                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     10742396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10742396                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13144212677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13144212677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13144212677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13144212677                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291926.254885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291926.254885                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64713.228916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64713.228916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291090.968376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291090.968376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 291090.968376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291090.968376                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              580.138629                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1037063341                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  584                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1775793.392123                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    39.097478                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   541.041151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.062656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.867053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.929709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12122015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12122015                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12122015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12122015                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12122015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12122015                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108354947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    108354947                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108354947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    108354947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    108354947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    108354947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12122075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12122075                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12122075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12122075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12122075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12122075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1805915.783333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1805915.783333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1805915.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1805915.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1805915.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1805915.783333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81640555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81640555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81640555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81640555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     81640555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81640555                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1991233.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1991233.048780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1991233.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1991233.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1991233.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1991233.048780                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                82925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              448676914                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                83181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              5393.983169                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   111.913578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   144.086422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.437162                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.562838                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     31739175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      31739175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data     17382700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     17382700                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     49121875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       49121875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     49121875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      49121875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       304439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       304439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          312                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       304751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       304751                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       304751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       304751                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 149914416488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 149914416488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    251249562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    251249562                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150165666050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 150165666050                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 150165666050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 150165666050                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     32043614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     32043614                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     17383012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     17383012                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8510                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8480                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49426626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     49426626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     49426626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     49426626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009501                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 492428.422403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 492428.422403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 805287.057692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805287.057692                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 492748.722892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 492748.722892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 492748.722892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 492748.722892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           14319                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       221593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       221593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       221826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       221826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       221826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       221826                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        82846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           79                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        82925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        82925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        82925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  39585702904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39585702904                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     67718614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67718614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  39653421518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39653421518                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  39653421518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39653421518                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002585                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001678                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 477822.742245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 477822.742245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 857197.645570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857197.645570                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478184.160603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478184.160603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 478184.160603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 478184.160603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              517.067059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1007724087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1945413.295367                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    42.067059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.067415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13460985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13460985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13460985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       13460985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     13460985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      13460985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95318784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95318784                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95318784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95318784                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     95318784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95318784                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13461043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13461043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13461043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     13461043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     13461043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     13461043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1643427.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1643427.310345                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1643427.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1643427.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1643427.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1643427.310345                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308937                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       308937                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77782170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     77782170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77782170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     77782170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     77782170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     77782170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1808887.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1808887.674419                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1808887.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1808887.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1808887.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1808887.674419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                45191                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              167327702                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                45447                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              3681.820626                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.635038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.364962                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087363                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9265829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9265829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7799748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7799748                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        20463                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20463                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17065577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       17065577                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     17065577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      17065577                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       144539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144539                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       145517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       145517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       145517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       145517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  48988149766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48988149766                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     82390103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82390103                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  49070539869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  49070539869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  49070539869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  49070539869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9410368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9410368                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7800726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7800726                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        20463                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20463                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18779                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17211094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17211094                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17211094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17211094                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338926.862411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338926.862411                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84243.459100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84243.459100                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337215.169836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337215.169836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 337215.169836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337215.169836                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total           10220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        99513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99513                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       100325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       100325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        45026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        45026                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        45192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        45192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13044269972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13044269972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     10723098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10723098                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13054993070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13054993070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13054993070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13054993070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 289705.280771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289705.280771                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64596.975904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64596.975904                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288878.409232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288878.409232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 288878.409232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288878.409232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.066050                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1007718816                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1945403.119691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    42.066050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.067414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13455714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13455714                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13455714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       13455714                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     13455714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      13455714                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97055680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97055680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97055680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97055680                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     97055680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97055680                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13455774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13455774                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13455774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     13455774                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     13455774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     13455774                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1617594.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1617594.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1617594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1617594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1617594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1617594.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       323992                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76676660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76676660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76676660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76676660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     76676660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76676660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1783178.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1783178.139535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1783178.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1783178.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1783178.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1783178.139535                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                45163                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              167319000                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                45419                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3683.898809                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.636439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.363561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912642                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      9261159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9261159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7795735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7795735                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        20452                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20452                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17056894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       17056894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     17056894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      17056894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       144401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       144401                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          978                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       145379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       145379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       145379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       145379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  48827885212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48827885212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     82592153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82592153                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  48910477365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  48910477365                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  48910477365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  48910477365                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      9405560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9405560                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7796713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7796713                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        20452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20452                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        18771                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17202273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17202273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17202273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17202273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008451                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 338140.907695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 338140.907695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 84450.054192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84450.054192                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336434.267432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 336434.267432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 336434.267432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 336434.267432                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        10212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           10212                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data        99404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        99404                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          812                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       100216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       100216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       100216                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        44997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        44997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        45163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        45163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        45163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        45163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13085244772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13085244772                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10725298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10725298                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13095970070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13095970070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  13095970070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13095970070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004784                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002625                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 290802.603996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290802.603996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64610.228916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64610.228916                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 289971.216925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289971.216925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 289971.216925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289971.216925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              559.389276                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              926802785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1649115.275801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    34.297629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.091647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.054964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12984238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12984238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12984238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12984238                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12984238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12984238                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84817127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84817127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84817127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84817127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     84817127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84817127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12984287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12984287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12984287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12984287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12984287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12984287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1730961.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1730961.775510                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1730961.775510                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63560700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63560700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63560700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63560700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     63560700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63560700                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1816020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1816020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                58239                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              224883153                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                58495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3844.485050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   202.138080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    53.861920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.789602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.210398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data     19099475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      19099475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      3664016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3664016                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8674                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data         8601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8601                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     22763491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       22763491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     22763491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      22763491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       205467                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          337                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       205804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       205804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       205804                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90559390807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  90559390807                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     28959321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     28959321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90588350128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  90588350128                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  90588350128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  90588350128                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     19304942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     19304942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      3664353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3664353                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8674                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data         8601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8601                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     22969295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     22969295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     22969295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     22969295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010643                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008960                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440749.077988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 440749.077988                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 85932.703264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85932.703264                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440168.073157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440168.073157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 440168.073157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440168.073157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            6832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       147305                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          260                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       147565                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       147565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       147565                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        58162                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           77                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        58239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        58239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        58239                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18429435950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  18429435950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      4996363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4996363                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18434432313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  18434432313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  18434432313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  18434432313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316863.862144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316863.862144                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64887.831169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64887.831169                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316530.715036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316530.715036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 316530.715036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316530.715036                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
